it was in the s that a big earthquake destroyed tokyo .
could you hand me the newspaper on the table ?
i have to make the best of that small room .
an uncle is the brother of one of your parents .
he lost almost all the stamps he had collected .
i have to admit i never thought of that .
people used to laugh at him behind his back .
his wife now had to take care of his grandfather , not to mention their two children .
he would sooner die than get up early every morning .
a girl came running , with her hair streaming in the wind .
it was very hard for her to suppress her emotions .
the power of his physique is evident to all who look at him .
i thought for sure you would stay in japan forever .
i would have written a longer letter if i would had more time .
if i tell her the truth , she will never forgive me .
between you and me , tom s idea does not appeal to me very much .
if you are not part of the solution , you are part of the problem .
tom asked mary whether she planned to swim or not .
i did everything i could to be your friend .
after walking for about an hour , we got to the lake .
i know you have got more important things to think about .
do you think students are given enough time to eat lunch ?
you promised not to be rude to me anymore .
do you mind if i take off my sweater ?
japan plays a key role in the world economy .
i cannot help thinking my father is still alive .
do you believe our destinies are controlled by the stars ?
activist groups for the environment and food safety question the product s safety .
where can i go to buy art books and catalogs ?
she agreed with him that i should go to the meeting .
the audience could hardly wait for the concert to begin .
actors and politicians never pass up a photo op .
we plan to go as far as we can .
i wish they would be honest and admit they do not know that is going to happen .
all three of my brothers are now somewhere in boston .
i think it is time for me to abandon that plan .
i would not want you to get the wrong impression about me .
it is not easy to come by watermelons at this time of year .
all the members were not present at the meeting yesterday .
the court condemned the man to death by lethal injection .
the first issue that we have to confront is violent extremism in all of its forms .
it is still early . we should all just chill for a bit .
i wanted to help , but i could not do anything .
i did everything i could to help tom find a job .
i do not like it when you bring work home .
i asked my mother to wake me up at four .
we will use the house as collateral so we can borrow some money .
i cannot afford to shop at such an expensive store .
keep an eye on my suitcase while i buy the tickets .
i am sorry to disturb you , but there s a phone call for you .
before we begin , a number of preliminary remarks are in order .
i went to italy for the second time in .
i heard a cotton candy shop has just opened . let s go , dudes .
i bought the novel on which the film is based .
i suggest we eat just a little now , and then go out later .
if you want something done right , sometimes you have just gotta do it yourself .
i do not want to resign my job at present .
i hope i gave you enough money to buy everything you needed .
finally , i made up my mind and bought the new video game .
we have a new student joining our class today .
it will do you good to have a holiday .
i assure you this is about much more than money .
everybody makes mistakes . that is why they put erasers on pencils .
in these two or three years , he acquired a large amount of wealth .
i lost one of my boys in the war .
the prime minister fell into the danube and drowned .
i do not do that as often as i would like to .
my picture s in every police station in the country .
i think it is going to rain soon . me too .
he soon grows tired of a thing regardless of how much he liked it to begin with .
i ran as fast as i could , but i missed the bus .
i do not know what i am going to do with you .
they do not know what they should do with the money .
using a flashlight , the policeman signaled the car to stop .
she skimmed through the register to see if her name was in it .
we cannot leave tom here . he will not survive on his own .
the treasure is believed to lie hidden somewhere in the mountain .
it is easy for me to answer the question .
this is the pencil that she used to write it .
let s park the car here and walk the rest of the way .
hurry up . the train leaves in ten minutes . we do not want to miss it .
it took more than a month to get over my cold , but i am ok now .
i can read english , but i cannot speak it .
some of the roses in my garden are white , and the others are red .
should i go or would you like me to stay ?
she waved both her hands so that he could find her .
the contract is in the bag , so let s go out and celebrate .
my brother was threatened by someone waving a gun .
who is the guy in the picture ? i do not know who he is .
he was robbed of his money on the street .
when will you wash your car ? sometime this week , i think .
if i were you , i would stay away from that .
nobody is going to tell tom and mary that they cannot do that .
tom conducted himself in a gracious and dignified manner during his court appearance .
you had better go to the dentist to have that tooth pulled out .
it seems that he believes what he said is right .
instead of cutting down on cigarettes , why do not you just give them up ?
tom was heartbroken when mary told him she was leaving him .
i need to know everything that you know about tom .
i have not felt this happy in a long time .
tom got mad at mary because she was late .
she hit me on the head with a hammer .
we seem to keep grappling with the same old problem .
i remember your face , but i do not remember your name .
the tigers lost the game , which was a surprise to us .
my wife is throwing a baby shower for her best friend .
i wish i could live in a house like this .
we must prevent a war by all possible means .
the decision whether i should see her is mine alone .
i almost forgot to tell you the big news .
the delivery of the goods was delayed due to the storm .
the grenade blew up before the terrorist could throw it , and his arm was blown off !
she could not convince him to write a song for her .
she waved her hand until the train was out of sight .
tom told mary she put up her christmas decorations too early .
tom does not want to get married until he is in his thirties .
my uncle , who lives in osaka , visited us yesterday .
she has a bad habit of talking a long time on the phone .
i think that you and i should probably be able to get along better .
the trouble with you is that you talk too much .
he has hardly any money , but he gets by .
i had never seen a giraffe till i visited the zoo .
should i wait for you tomorrow in front of the opera house ?
tom was not allowed to tell mary everything he knew .
i grabbed my little sister s hand and started running .
tom stopped by the drugstore to buy some medicine .
i would like to ask you about a student of yours .
right now , we have blueberries , blackberries , cherries , strawberries , peaches and nectarines .
the rain prevented us from finishing our game of tennis .
i feel like everyone is talking about me behind my back .
it is so hot outside , you could fry an egg .
please remember to turn off the light before going to bed .
i cannot do it alone . you have to help me .
i do not like such sports as tennis and golf .
when i was your age , i walked to school every day .
main street was blocked off all morning for the parade .
her car might be more pleasant to drive , but it also costs her more for maintenance .
the principal shook hands with each of the graduates .
i could not get anybody to go with me , and so i went by myself .
after asking for my key at the front desk , i took the elevator to my floor .
he works for a big newspaper with a very large circulation .
i have not yet collected sufficient materials to write a book .
i think i will take a vacation this week .
do you want to spend the rest of your life alone ?
the falling of the berlin wall was truly a momentous occasion .
the waitress gave me coffee , even though i would ordered tea .
if i create an example , will you correct it for me ?
i really feel like we are on the same wavelength .
if for some reason that should happen , what would you do ?
tom is the kind of person who always has to have the last word .
when i cough twice , that is your cue to come into the room .
i just do not want our luck to run out .
i need some cardboard boxes to pack my possessions .
it may seem like a good idea to you , but i think it is a little dangerous .
every school kid has played hooky at one time or another .
lake titicaca , the biggest lake in south america , is in peru .
one of the twins is alive , but the other is dead .
do you think the pond is frozen hard enough to skate on ?
we are counting on you to wake us up in time , so do not fall asleep .
have you recently experienced palpitations or felt like your heart was racing ?
we cannot begin the meeting until we have a quorum .
in the beginning , man was almost the same as the other animals .
i might have done well on yesterday s test , but i do not know the results yet .
i think i need a stiff drink . make that two .
perhaps we should consider what would happen if we do not do this .
almost the only time a fat man loses his temper is when he has been deprived of his food .
i have an appointment i do not want to be late for .
each passing car threw up a cloud of dust .
i thought you said you did not like to do that .
i caught a big fish yesterday with my bare hands .
can you tell me what you are trying to do ?
how many books can i take out at one time ?
he gambled on the war coming to an early end .
marrying you was the biggest mistake of my life .
i took it for granted that you were on our side .
tom was much taller than i was when we were in elementary school .
it is been a long time since i have seen my family .
the children were so noisy that i could not study .
when i saw tom yesterday , he was wearing a cowboy hat .
tom is the only person in the office who can speak french .
i do not think any of us are happy about what happened .
i do not like eating ice cream in the winter .
i could tell you that i love you , but i would be lying .
a party of scientists were on board with them .
we are going to keep doing this until someone tells us that we cannot .
i tore a hole in my jeans when i fell off my bike .
do not you think that tom looks like an old man ?
i like the terminator films because the special effects are fantastic .
he was very tall and thin , with long arms and legs .
tom lit the candle that was on the table .
it is difficult to feel at home in a foreign language .
i have several things i would like to talk to you about .
that cake looks good too . give me a small piece .
there might be a gas leak in our house .
he did his best to be in time for the train .
i have a rough idea what needs to be done .
he will be sure to smell a rat if i am with you .
it is one of the best books i have read in years .
her voice could hardly be heard over the noise .
you can lie to everyone else , but you cannot lie to yourself .
though it stopped raining , the wind was still blowing hard .
tom has read a lot more books than i have .
if this plan does not work , we will have to try something else .
i had to walk there because my car broke down .
there were twice as many university applicants in as in .
tom accidentally shot himself in the foot while cleaning his gun .
i cannot help but feel like i have forgotten something .
there are three men in the next room waiting for you .
i am not any more to blame than you are .
i do not want to go bald when i am still young .
i would like to talk to you about what happened at school yesterday .
if i were you , i would not pitch my tent there .
i tried to give her some money , but she would not take any .
since i was all by myself , i felt a bit lonely .
according to the paper , there was an earthquake in peru .
i think it is time for me to reconsider how i have been living .
the government is trying to bring things back to normal .
we did not mean for it to happen that way .
the boy lifted the heavy box with one hand .
you will be asleep by the time your father gets home .
there was once a time when i could not trust others .
i could understand the first few sentences , but the rest of his speech was all greek to me .
alcohol consumption is higher in eastern europe than in western europe .
all this impulse buying is going to leave you saddled with debt .
how many times do i need to repeat it ?
she will write another book one of these days .
is it really possible to do a brain transplant ?
my parents sent me to fat camp when i was thirteen .
he came to the united states as a boy from scotland .
a heavy stone slab was lowered over the grave .
i can walk from my house to the station in only five minutes .
you should stockpile necessary supplies in case of a big earthquake .
you will not be able to get up so early .
she is about the same age as my older sister .
let s flip through the channels to see that is on tv .
he became the company president when he was thirty .
my mother has made me what i am today .
do not be lulled into a false sense of security .
for once in my life , i want to do the right thing .
i love the sound of rain on the roof .
a good book is the best of friends , the same today and forever .
by the way , i have got to tell you something .
his brother had been a truck driver for thirty years .
we hope that you will be able to join us at this seminar .
my daughter s getting all gussied up for her first date .
is there a book on the chair ? yes , there is .
suppose you had ten million yen , what would you do ?
whatever happens , i will stick to my principles to the bitter end .
he kept shifting his weight from one foot to the other .
the japanese attacked pearl harbor on december , .
they built their empire in peru about five hundred years ago .
her hands are full taking care of the baby .
my teacher warned me not to do it again .
the customers gave him fleeting glances , then returned to their conversations .
what kind of deodorant do you prefer , spray or roll on ?
can you tell me how you found out that tom was not at school today ?
thanks to this book , i learned some interesting facts about this insect .
i am glad to see that you are studying harder than you used to .
i asked you a question . i did not hear you .
could you please tell me where the nearest church is ?
a watered down compromise resolution is better than none at all .
i wonder if you could get me another beer .
i understand that this is a difficult decision for you .
there s not a second that goes by that i do not think about you .
we have had a lot of complaints about how you treat your classmates .
as winter approaches , the days get shorter and shorter .
we went to the theater early , so we could be sure that everyone could get a seat .
i suppose tom told you what time he plans to arrive .
she told me that i could sleep on the sofa .
talking to your plants does not help them grow faster .
he explained his plan both to my son and to me .
do you know why tom did not attend the meeting this afternoon ?
i think we are going to stay for another day .
i wish i could have spent more time with my father before he died .
i felt relieved when all the troubles were taken care of .
if you are going to doubt everything , at least doubt your doubt .
i do not want you to dance with tom anymore .
both tom and mary did not know how to send a fax .
if you had not done it , someone else would have .
he gave the police a false name and address .
if you do not have anything nice to say , do not say anything at all .
it never occurred to me that i might be fired .
i want to know what i can do right now .
she is been having trouble with back pain for years .
i only eat meat about three or four times a month .
i do not know what it is , but it is something very big .
after a while , corn flakes in milk will become soggy .
i like swimming in lakes and rivers more than swimming in the ocean .
we have no choice but to give up the whole plan .
i am sure i have met that man somewhere , but i do not remember who he is .
if you do not do your duty , people will look down on you .
would you buy one if it were a little cheaper ?
i skipped out on my appointment with my boss .
how long do you think the meeting will last ?
if you want to learn the truth , sit down and listen .
you will not even remember me a few years from now .
i told you not to talk about the matter in her presence .
are you angry at me ? you bet i am !
what he said yesterday is not consistent with what he had said last week .
i tried to tell tom , but he refused to listen .
she could not keep her daughter from going out .
i do not want you to spend money on me .
i want to show you what tom gave me .
i think we should all go to tom s house .
i have never told anyone that before , not even my mother .
as soon as i can afford it , i plan to travel around the world .
in two years , the company has more than doubled in size .
i plan to give my son a computer at the end of the month .
he received a large sum of money in compensation for his injury .
there are a lot of good restaurants in boston .
i as well as my brother am to blame .
democracy is an idea that goes back to the ancient greeks .
since i was sick for a week , i am making every possible effort to catch up .
because of your symptoms , you must be temporarily medically isolated .
i feel sort of dizzy and i feel like throwing up .
his unique perspective helped shed light on the situation .
he did a rough drawing to show me the way to the station .
a little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast .
as the train pulled out , they waved goodbye to their parents .
i know how we can make a lot of money .
you can adjust the color on the tv by turning this knob .
it is been a long time since i had such a pleasant surprise .
do not enter the room until i say all right .
getting up at a . m . was hard at first , but now i am used to it .
is eating a clove of garlic every day beneficial to your health ?
we sang in a choir when we were kids .
tom bet mary that he could beat her at arm wrestling .
social unrest may come about as a result of this long recession .
this policy is sure to go a long way towards stimulating business .
i have been looking for someone to babysit my children .
i would like to help you get what you need .
prices are double what they were ten years ago .
tom says he is planning to buy mary a gift .
tom asked mary if she would like a cup of coffee .
tom was asked to be best man at mary s brother s wedding .
never drive faster than your guardian angel can fly .
she came very near to being run over by a car .
you should look after the children from time to time .
frankly speaking , it was difficult for me to make out what he was saying .
all in all , we had a good time at the party .
we have to make sure we have enough volunteers .
noise is the most serious problem for those who live around the airports .
i am starting to have fun on my new job .
if you do not want to answer , you do not have to .
the cow gave birth to a calf with two heads .
let s go and see as many things as we can .
he likes not only baseball but football as well .
bad weather upset our plans to go on a hike .
i told you i was not going to call tom .
how hard is it to get a fake passport ?
i just do not want you to catch my cold .
if we decide to hire you , you will hear from us .
my sister sang an english song at the party .
the fight began with the rapid exchange of blows .
studying how to communicate effectively is time well spent .
it was stupid of me to make such a mistake .
you never can tell what kind of job you might find .
that hotel is not all it is cracked up to be .
it is ached before , but never as badly as right now .
he began his meal by drinking half a glass of ale .
i wonder what your friend tom is doing now .
we were so excited that we could not sit still .
some people say that it is human nature to root for the underdog .
she took me under her wing and taught me everything she knows .
if blaming me makes you feel better , go right ahead .
the translation of the french novel took him more than three months .
a doctor tried to remove the bullet from the president s head .
a new model is not necessarily any better than the older one .
the villagers went in search of the missing child .
he devoted all his time to the study of history .
no matter what you say , the answer is no .
i usually go to the barber once a month .
i figured you would probably never want to see me again .
i will have to catch the train to paris .
no one in his class can run faster than he does .
he took off his coat and put it on again .
no matter how hard i tried , i could not remember that song s title .
it is not clear what the writer is trying to say .
tom told me i was the one he wanted to talk to .
the frame of the house should be finished in a day or two .
we are sorry we are unable to accept your request .
tom s gotten fatter since the last time i saw him .
if you had stayed here , you would have had a very good time .
she could not convince him to accept a personal check .
she advised him to take better care of himself .
if we leave now , we could be back in tucson before nightfall .
i will talk to you at a more appropriate time .
there is nothing in the contract precluding you from hiring another lawyer .
i have plenty of time , but not enough money .
he said his father was ill , but that was a lie .
i think i could come to australia for christmas .
he wanted to see a bullfight , but his father would not let him go .
he came to see me three days before he left for africa .
a fire can spread faster than you can run .
data can be transmitted from the main computer to yours , and vice versa .
tom planted a small peach tree in front of his house .
the place where he lives is far from town .
you can crash on the sofa if you are tired .
she wanted to return home , but she got lost .
are you still mad at me ? no , not at all .
i knocked on the door , but there was no answer .
it is a very small price for such an important victory .
he disappeared into a dark corner at the back of the shop .
he put up a notice about the change in price .
the coffee is for me and the tea is for you .
i bought a six pack of beer on my way home from work .
tom and mary went to a fancy restaurant to celebrate their wedding anniversary .
this town has not changed much in the last ten years .
i was very surprised to see students cleaning their classroom after school .
tom and i have decided not to go to australia for christmas this year .
why do not you give us a moment to talk ?
do you have something to do with this group ?
you do not have to go if you do not want to .
the accident seemed to have something to do with the heavy snow .
the chances are slim to none that you will win the lottery .
i am sorry that i have not written to you in such a long time .
it was careless of him to make such a mistake .
we must continue to study as long as we live .
can you show me where i am on this map ?
we found a glitch in the program that will have to be dealt with before we move on .
what if i miss the deadline ? i bet he will get mad at you !
tom went to japan on a work holiday visa .
you should not always do what everyone else seems to be doing .
we want to know why you were not here yesterday .
i would like you to help me if you have nothing in particular to do .
how long will it take me to finish my homework ?
we insist that a meeting be held as soon as possible .
it is said that treasure is buried in this area .
i have done bad things that i should be punished for .
it is not nice to make fun of people with speech impediments .
it takes tom an hour to drive to work each day .
i am not the type that gives up so easily .
a judge will issue a search warrant only if there is probable cause .
it is very likely that someone will be waiting for us .
tom could see that mary was about to burst into tears .
there s a body in the trunk of the car .
a man with a full belly thinks no one is hungry .
we have to do this now . there s no time .
the question is can tom keep up with us .
i awoke to find a burglar in my room .
tom and mary live in a small log cabin .
i am going to run a couple of errands . wanna tag along ?
do not hesitate to ask questions if you do not understand .
if you take a nap here , you will catch a cold .
tom generally makes good decisions based on a realistic appraisal of the situation he is faced with .
i needed to justify why i was earning such a large salary .
it is one thing to make plans , but quite another to carry them out .
look , i have had a long day and i want to go to bed right now .
tom opened the car door and pulled mary out .
you are not going to call my parents , are you ?
some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old .
let s go get snockered like we did last weekend .
the pain of having lost his family drove him to suicide .
my back hurts from sitting for hours in front of the computer .
they might pay me more if i could use a computer .
is it necessary for all of us to be there ?
tom did not want to go back to where he was born .
when i opened the door , i broke the lock .
it has happened before and it will probably happen again .
i would like to thank you for helping me translate the report into french .
for the moment there s nothing in particular i need to be doing .
bungee jumping is not as much fun as it looks .
i admit he is smart , but does he have to talk over everyone s heads all the time ?
the next time you go to the supermarket , buy some toilet paper .
tom and mary dated each other for three years .
the new bridge will have been completed by march .
my father used to read books to me at bedtime .
i am sorry , but i do not have any small change .
they gathered at the coffee shop for a meeting .
do not put that there . somebody might trip over it .
i dated a girl like that many years ago .
i know how to swim , but i do not like swimming in the river .
i speak french to my father and english to my mother .
we were on the point of leaving when tom arrived .
i often read the bible at night just before i go to sleep .
i want to go to australia again before my passport expires .
if you do not trust them , they will not trust you .
on average , how many cups of coffee do you drink daily ?
the only thing that really matters is whether or not you are happy .
the truth is that we cannot live without air .
you never get a second chance to make a first impression .
it is a waste of time to study when you are sleepy .
did you get a christmas present from tom this year ?
a gang of three robbed the bank in broad daylight .
you will have to work hard if you want to pass the exam .
you always have to have the last word , do not you ?
reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body .
goat milk is easy for the body to digest .
tom is one of the nicest guys i know .
having a full time job and raising two kids at the same time is hard .
i asked him not to play the piano late at night .
she sat there silently with tears in her eyes .
she suggested that i give it to him right away .
people over the age of can drive cars .
you should assume that we will not have enough money to buy everything we want .
she ran very fast to catch up with the other members .
recently , many people are finding it hard to make a decent living .
he struck up friendships with the most unlikely people .
he who knows the most often says the least .
i wonder if there will be more snow this year than last year .
you are the one who decided to do this job , right ?
i am impressed by your recent advertisement in the new york times .
i looked tom in the eyes and told him the truth .
you are the only person who ever comes to visit me .
compared to you , i am just a beginner at this game .
i am just not cut out for this kind of work .
in those days , i made it a point to take a walk before breakfast .
you can adjust this desk to the height of any child .
last year , i could not spend as much time with my children as i wanted to .
i want to wait and see what tom proposes .
she asked him to read it for her because she had lost her glasses .
i think all three of us will be there tomorrow .
you cannot use this faucet . it is out of order .
he left the house without so much as saying goodbye .
i cannot buy this because i do not have enough money .
no matter how hard you try , you will not be able to finish that in one day .
our house was broken into by burglars last night .
he finished his dinner because he did not like to waste food .
i felt i just had to get off the ship .
i did not know how much it would cost to get my car repaired .
it is sometimes difficult to make yourself understood in public .
he was smiling as if nothing had happened to him .
if you were footing the bill , you would not say that .
that was one of the best times of my life .
do you have a room that is a little cheaper ?
tom said he was ill , which was a lie .
you should not eat just before you go to bed .
it costs more to mint a penny than the penny itself is worth .
her husband eats everything she puts in front of him .
the united states has officially ended economic sanctions against burma .
if you wish to get on in the world , you must not shrink from effort .
since the accident , i do not like looking in the mirror .
i am one of the thirty people who needed to do that .
can you tell me anything about that is going to happen here today ?
he is very friendly , so i enjoy working with him .
yesterday , i ran into my teacher at the amusement park .
her diaries formed the basis of the book she later wrote .
the heavy fog made it impossible for us to see anything in front of us .
he reached across the table and shook my hand .
i told you that you were not supposed to do it .
tom pointed to each word as he read it .
i do not think i have the experience necessary for that job .
we have a lot of things to do . such as ?
it is better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes .
china continues to lose arable land because of erosion and urbanization .
i know you probably want to be alone , so i will leave .
tom asked me if i would be home this evening .
when it comes to my supervisor , he is very inconsistent , so we never get any work done .
i am afraid i will have to disappoint you . i do not feel like participating in this discussion .
he won the first prize at the chess tournament .
at least for now , i am not going to say anything .
there is a small garden in front of my house .
we are still clinging to the dreams of our youth .
let s not do anything that might get us in trouble .
i think we should all be worried a little bit about the way tom has been acting lately .
she is likely to live to be one hundred .
it is true that he is young , but he is clever .
the doctor advised me to take up some sport to stay in shape .
i am sorry , i do not know what else to say .
hurry up and you can still catch your train .
the girl who lives next door is very pretty .
the first time , she was not very firm with him .
do not lump all these issues together . you need to give every single one careful consideration .
i fear this work will take up most of my time .
are you able to buy a ticket after boarding the train ?
i would like to ask tom a few questions if i may .
we are interested in observing the customs of different regions .
some people think the president spends too much time traveling .
my parents told me that we should respect the elderly .
i think it is time for me to buy a decent camera .
he went to the store to buy some oranges .
i thought i told you to cut your hair .
i do not feel well . could you give me some medicine ?
this will be a good souvenir of my trip around the united states .
i asked tom if i could talk to him in private .
this increase in unemployment is a consequence of the recession .
i always stretch my leg muscles before playing tennis .
his english is not bad , seeing that he has studied for only two years .
i want to get a haircut before i go on the trip .
the kindergarten children were walking hand in hand in the park .
tom has a funny way of laughing , does not he ?
i think tom came here to tell us something important .
where do you usually go to get a haircut ?
they are more scared of you than you are of them .
tom is the tallest boy on our football team .
she has a cold and is absent from school .
she always turns a deaf ear to my advice .
i persuaded the policeman not to shoot the monkey .
tom and mary do not like the same kind of food .
we should be able to do a lot better than this next time .
as soon as i can figure out how to send money , i will send you some .
it only takes about fifteen minutes to walk to the station from here .
it is very kind of you to give me your seat .
all her carefully made plans began to unravel one by one .
the guy who hit you is at the front door .
they walked with him to an old wooden building near the farmhouse .
i had to wait twenty minutes for the next bus .
i have heard that in germany beer is cheaper than water . is that true ?
i am going to buy a camera for my daughter .
tom woke the children up and told them to get ready for school .
after losing his job , he went through a very difficult time .
unless you started learning english as a child , you are unlikely to ever sound like a native speaker .
would you like to have tea with us this afternoon ?
how did you wind up in that abandoned building ?
mary s closets are full of clothes she has not worn in years .
while you are reading to me , i can do my sewing .
in the summer , days are long and nights are short .
you must turn in your old license in order to get a new one .
the thief used a screwdriver to break into the car .
people were lined up around the block waiting for the theater to open .
his mother has been running a drugstore for fifteen years .
all you have to do is wait for his arrival .
how do you know light travels faster than sound ?
look me in the eyes and tell me you did not do it .
you still have not told me why you decided not to go .
you cannot appreciate the poem until you have read it many times .
the more you look , the more you will see , and the more interesting they will become .
there s a subtle difference in meaning between the two words .
that problem has been shelved for the time being .
is it true you are going to study in australia ?
how much did you spend on christmas gifts this year ?
the cause of death is yet to be determined .
do you have a nail file i could borrow ?
if you have a minute , you might want to read this .
they were so frightened that they could not move an inch .
sometimes it is hard to be tactful and honest at the same time .
the station is a ten minute drive from here .
i think they should put a heavy tax on imports .
tom seems to be about to ask another question .
he is going to stay with his uncle for the weekend .
it would be best if you did not do that .
i do not think i would enjoy doing that with tom .
i appreciate what you are doing , but i do not think it will help .
your argument is not any more convincing than that of my stubborn father .
i want to go back to doing what i was doing before you interrupted me .
we are sorry to say that we cannot give you that information .
would you like to get something to eat ? it is on me .
that is the spookiest thing that has ever happened to you ?
do you have any idea who would do this kind of thing ?
the receptionist at the hotel was surly and not at all friendly .
he writes to his mother every now and then .
the accent of this word is on the second syllable .
we hope that you understand the difficult situation with which we are confronted .
she asked him for some money to buy a new dress .
am i the only one who did not understand what was going on ?
you do not want to tell me why , do you ?
i think it is about time we changed our ways of disposing of waste .
it is no use trying to keep secrets from journalists .
i do not expect to be as busy tomorrow as i am today .
are not you planning to go christmas caroling this year ?
as always , he got up early in the morning and went jogging .
i do not like to go out without a coat on such a cold day .
tom decided to tell mary the truth about his illness .
tom was a school bus driver before he became a taxi driver .
as soon as i find it , i will bring it over to your place .
a good lie is easier to believe than the truth .
in any case , i must finish this work by tomorrow .
i have nothing in particular to say about this problem .
he examined the house with an eye to opening a store there .
everywhere you look you can see young couples kissing .
i got up at six , ate breakfast and then went to school .
i made my peace with my aunt before she died .
if you alter the plan , you must inform the team members of the changes .
my shoelaces came untied as i was walking down the street .
if you want to go to the art museum , take this bus .
i wish there were some cute guys in my class .
he got up and left in the middle of the discussion .
tom told me he was not planning on eating out today .
the british defeated the french in north america in .
the only dessert i really like is ice cream .
if he is in middle circumstances his clothes will be chosen chiefly for comfort .
i really wish i did not have to tell you this .
tom is living in a small apartment on park street .
why are you wet ? i fell in the water .
i did not expect to be asked to give a speech .
tom had his wallet stolen while he was in boston .
i keep a good supply of stamps to save trips to the post office .
everyone working for us earns more than the minimum wage .
he did his best and still had poor marks .
tom thinks he can succeed where others have failed .
the blue of her eyes stands out against her rather dark skin .
you can borrow a copy from any public library .
nobody noticed that the picture was hung upside down .
abraham lincoln , the th president of the united states , was born in a log cabin in kentucky .
put the margarine in a bowl and mix until creamy .
tom does not need to do that . mary will do it .
tom will thank me for this one of these days .
all the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs .
how many christmas cards did you write last year ?
tell me the reason you were absent from school yesterday .
tom may be a bit stupid , but he is not as stupid as you think he is .
maybe tom did not do what everyone says he did .
you will need this key to get into the building .
they were walking along the street arm in arm .
if you change your hairstyle , you could look ten years younger .
i asked the boy to throw the ball back .
he hurried up so that he would not miss the train .
you did not come at four . that is why they went without you .
would you please stop pacing around like that and just sit down for a second ?
when you make the bed , do not forget to fluff up the pillows .
a baby is incapable of taking care of itself .
to our surprise , she has gone to brazil alone .
she lay on a sofa with her eyes closed .
it was the coldest inaugural day in the nationgs history .
why is this website taking so long to load ?
he should have the right to decide for himself .
do not trust people who praise you in your presence .
i want to see that is on the other side .
tom and mary lived in australia for a while .
she told the child to eat up the food .
when mary reached the bus stop , the last bus had already left .
it will be hard to convince tom to do that .
so many people had died that the gravestone supplier was forced to hire a new carver .
it is foolish for you to swim when it is this cold .
as a boy , he would go to the seaside every summer .
do you know where i might find small cowboy boots ?
i tried to open the door , but i could not because it was locked .
a tanker is a ship that carries crude oil .
she agreed with him on what to do with the old car .
my father can speak french , but my mother cannot .
no sooner had he arrived than the bus departed .
there is plenty of space in the loft for storage .
i will do that later when i am not so busy .
do not bother to pick me up at the hotel .
it is so dreadful that i do not want to think of it .
we have a very good team , so we have every reason to be optimistic .
the poor young man finally became a great artist .
this year we had more snow than last year .
i think you and tom have more in common than you want to admit .
give your passport number and your date of birth .
this desk is different from the one i ordered .
i do not have a can opener , so i cannot get this can open .
i have made an appointment to see the doctor on monday at .
that was a more serious problem than we thought it would be .
i do not understand the exact meaning of this sentence .
as a rule , i go to school before eight o clock .
tom told me he thought that mary would be home on october th .
my father left me a lot of money in his will .
this book is so difficult that i cannot read it .
how much is the car that you are planning to buy ?
many tv programs have a bad influence on children .
there is not a scrap of food in the refrigerator .
i had a feeling something like this was going to happen .
it is wrong to think that men are superior to women .
what i really want is something hot to eat .
we need to remember to put some gasoline in the car .
she is wearing a leather belt around her waist .
we had hardly reached there when it began to rain .
you can be sure that the money you give them will be put to good use .
tom is not a lazy boy . as a matter of fact , he works hard .
when i arrived at the station , the train was just about to leave .
i do not feel very well . i should go home .
i had an allergic reaction to the new medication my doctor prescribed .
since there were no taxis , i had to walk .
the purpose of our trip is to visit a new factory .
it will take time for him to recover from his wounds .
i think this is the only way to do it .
there are a lot of things i have to do .
we will not have enough time to do that before tom gets here .
the president called on the people to unite in fighting poverty and disease .
every even number is the sum of two primes .
the neighbors son won the spelling bee at school .
if you have pain in your chest , consult your doctor right away .
when i was a child , i believed in santa claus .
what are you planning to do after this is over ?
i gathered from his expression that he was very angry .
your tea will get cold if you do not drink it now .
you would better not drink too much coffee so late at night .
thank you for all you did for me that time .
she stayed in that area for a short while .
here s something i want you to give to tom .
she does not hate him . in fact , she loves him .
i did not feel very well , but i went to work anyway .
i think this is the most impressive building on park street .
the police are certain to get him in the end wherever he may go .
tom does not know what mary wants to eat for dinner .
i thought you would eventually realize tom did not like you .
he would often sit for hours without doing anything .
i think it is better for us to adopt his plan .
i cannot tell her now . it is not that simple anymore .
polish girls did not want justin bieber to come to poland .
it is a nice place , but i would not live there .
tom s lost a lot of blood , but he has not lost consciousness .
he took charge of the arrangements for the party .
in spite of the language difficulty , we soon became friends .
the poor boy was knocked down by a car .
you are not going to tell my parents , are you ?
several students were absent from school because of colds .
my wife and i hope to get away for a week during the christmas break .
in case you are wondering , this is not my natural hair color .
the neighbor asked us to turn the music down .
i was born in boston , but i was brought up in chicago .
japan declared war on the united states in december , .
if i would known what you were going to do , i would have tried to stop you .
they asked me for my name , my address , and the purpose of my trip .
i do not like him coming to my house so often .
will he pass the examination ? i am afraid not .
tom gave his dog a piece of leftover christmas turkey .
he will be angry to learn that she told a lie .
i ate a large pizza with a friend an hour ago .
we were held up for two hours on account of an accident .
napoleon was exiled to the island of elba in .
tom had no idea that mary was a serial killer .
i am not accustomed to working day and night . you will soon get used to it .
that is why he did not go overseas to study .
could you please talk a bit louder ? i cannot hear very well .
by signing a contract , you agree to certain terms and conditions .
if you want to become thin , you should cut back on the between meal snacks .
tom said he did not know what he was supposed to do .
the u . s . incarceration rate is the highest in the world .
a ponytail is the simplest hairstyle for long hair .
you should not let children play with the kitchen knife .
do you want me to sing you a lullaby ?
five years have passed since they came to japan .
i know your time is valuable , but could i ask you just one question ?
to get technical information from that company , we first have to sign a non disclosure agreement .
i should have known it was a waste of time .
we do not have a choice . we have to do this .
only strict adherence to the rules will prevent chaos .
the introduction of the new tax is expected to affect the entire economy .
a mangs happiness does not depend on what he has , but on what he is .
a friend is someone who knows everything about you and still likes you .
i do not think tom is old enough to drive .
an ant can lift more than times its weight .
sometimes i cannot really grasp the meaning of a word .
what would you do in this type of situation ?
i would like to give this to somebody we can trust .
the fire brigade was on the scene within five minutes of receiving the call .
keep your door locked and do not let anyone in .
i know a lot of people who do not know how to play chess .
i will forgive him out of consideration for you .
i never thought i would live to see the day when i would have to sell my home .
it will take some time to shovel all the snow off the roof .
i parked on the left side of the street just in front of the school .
i have been keeping a diary in french for the last three years .
it cost me three hundred dollars to have my car repaired .
when was the last time you dyed your hair ?
i would rather stay at home than go out in the rain .
you have to do this whether you like it or not .
i always rely on him in times of trouble .
i just want to be able to support my family and myself .
when i grow up , i want to be a train conductor .
my mother goes to the hospital in the morning .
everyday life can get a bit monotonous at times .
he left his hometown at the age of fifteen never to return .
be sure to look over your paper again before you hand it in .
there are a lot of beautiful songs on these records .
excuse me , may i have another cup of tea ?
he could not perceive any difference between the twins .
i cannot say i share your enthusiasm for the idea .
he went to art school to study painting and sculpture .
day in and day out , he does nothing but tend his sheep .
tom did not seem to be aware that he was supposed to do that .
what is the most beautiful thing in the world ?
we are very proud of what we have been able to accomplish .
how much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ?
my son always gets sick when he rides a bus .
the water stopped running because the hose has a kink in it .
it seems like i am the only one here who knows how to speak french .
my computer crashed and now it will not start up .
is there anything that i can do for you ?
asking a woman how old she is is not a good idea .
you are the only person i know besides me who really understands this problem .
his record is a new world record in the meter dash .
as food and drink is to animals , so are rain and sunshine to plants .
please tell me the reason why she got angry .
i have never seen anything more beautiful in my life .
how much longer will i have to stay in the hospital ?
the mouse was lured into the trap by a big piece of cheese .
did you meet many interesting people at the party ?
it is the story of a boy , a girl , and a cat .
where did you get the money to buy that dress ?
i want to emphasize the need to get this done on time .
what language do you usually use when talking with tom ?
what would you do if you saw a man from another planet ?
i wish i had the will power to stay on a diet .
i thought i told you not to talk to my daughter .
he says he is got to get to vienna the day after tomorrow .
i did not know you were sick , so i did not visit you in the hospital .
these are my books and those are his books .
there was a traffic accident in front of the house yesterday .
it is a pity that you cannot travel with us .
during the rush hours in tokyo , traffic is heavy .
there are a lot of new buildings here now .
having done my homework , i could finally watch television .
there is a strong bond of affection between them .
a lot of wild animals died for lack of food .
i have never seen a yellow submarine in my life .
preventive measures are much more effective than the actual treatment .
tom is one of the few people i can trust .
even nudists often use euphemisms when referring to naughty parts .
i just met the most beautiful woman i have ever seen .
i took the train , which was ten minutes late .
what is right in one society can be wrong in another .
on a good day , you can see the coast of estonia from helsinki .
tom stopped at a convenience store to buy some milk .
how many times a year do you go to the dentist ?
will you go ? i will if i have to .
i wonder if tom knows how busy i am .
what do you spend most of your time on the computer doing ?
i do not think that there is any better way to learn english than by living in america .
the longer we wait before trying to correct the problem , the worse it is going to get .
the teacher has given tom permission to do whatever he wants .
i just want to keep things nice and simple .
i really appreciate your offer to help me clean out my garage .
his daughter , as well as his son , was famous .
laser surgery can fix some kinds of vision problems .
tom says he cannot ignore mary s behavior any longer .
it is been almost ten years , but you are as beautiful as ever .
my father gave me a watch for my birthday .
i had to go to my office by bus because my car had engine trouble .
i heard tom has come back to australia for christmas .
the catholic bible contains everything in the protestant bible plus several other books .
we should start getting christmas gifts for the children .
i do not think i want to talk about it .
i folded my shirts and put them in my suitcase .
i wish i had a roommate to hang out with .
i left my keys on the table . could you bring them to me ?
i do not really want to pay that much for a new car .
it is one of the dumbest things i have ever done .
i have already written everything that needs to be written .
i am a non native speaker of english and realize there is a lot that i still need to learn .
listen carefully and do exactly what i tell you to do .
after a year s practice , she plays the piano after a fashion .
it is no good making the same old products year after year .
the value of a good education cannot be measured in terms of money .
that mountain is five times as high as this one .
this is the restaurant where we had dinner last week .
i want to move out of this cramped room as soon as i can .
tom told mary why it would be a good idea to do that .
i think it is unlikely that the next version of windows will come out before the end of this month .
the f champion michael schumacher sustained a serious head injury .
i have a new boyfriend , but my ex boyfriend does not know about it yet .
i cannot thank you enough for all you have done .
the reason for your failure is that you did not try hard enough .
he witnessed the accident on his way to school .
i do not lend my books to any of the students .
there were bits of broken glass on the floor .
i think it is time for me to come clean .
four people were in the car when the accident happened .
all things considered , i think you should go back home and take care of your parents .
i cannot tell you how many times i have been there .
my heart skipped a beat when my wife told me she was pregnant .
tom is the kind of man you can trust .
today you can get two for the price of one .
how did you go to the park ? by bus .
we believe the time of death was p . m .
do you really think tom is the only one here who can speak french ?
rain is the water that falls from the clouds .
i wish i could be the man you want me to be .
take it easy . i can assure you that everything will turn out fine .
those grapes look sweet , but in fact they are sour .
it might be better to address her as doctor .
i cannot tell you how long i have waited for this .
i am not going to buy one of those , at least not yet .
he is so full of conceit that everybody dislikes him .
he thinks that his success is due to luck .
apart from his parents , no one knows him well .
it is difficult to remember how to speak a language if you do not have any opportunities to speak it .
he fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident .
have you recently had any unexplained dizziness or lightheadedness ?
please put this on the top . on top of what ?
i was offered the choice of tea or coffee .
we hope to finish planting the field before the sun sets .
i had a lot of money , but spent everything .
he is said to have made a fortune in oil .
i do not think this is an appropriate time to discuss this .
here are some flowers for you . thanks . they are gorgeous .
tom and mary are both sitting on the couch .
there is so much to do , and only a lifetime to do it .
sometimes you have to do things you do not want to do .
some people think that it is difficult for a native speaker of english to learn chinese , but i disagree .
the post office is closed on christmas day and mail will not be delivered .
i think it is time for me to lose some weight .
in any case , this has nothing to do with you .
tom opened the door even though i told him not to .
the little girl , deeply moved by the old mangs pitiful story , burst into tears .
my sister is too young to go to school .
we saw an old hut at the edge of the woods .
she will not budge an inch no matter what anyone says .
i help my mother with the housework every day .
men differ from other animals in that they can think and speak .
we have hired a couple of men to fix our roof .
tom often eats popcorn when he is watching a movie .
does this mean that you do not love me anymore ?
would you be willing to share your code with me ?
we all chipped in to buy our teacher a birthday present .
an animal can be much more dangerous when wounded .
would you mind helping me with my work ? not at all .
you should have told tom that a long time ago .
the price of carrots is going to skyrocket this winter because of the drought .
i cannot afford to buy a new car at this time .
that is the same umbrella that i found on the bus .
all things taken into consideration , my father s life was a happy one .
this computer s a lot faster than my old one .
do you have the same thing in a different color ?
do not forget to tip the porter for carrying your luggage .
i always work alone . i am just not a team player .
the door swung open and tom walked into the room .
i am staying at a hotel not far from here .
if anyone were to talk to me like that , i would call the police .
my grandmother was pulling up weeds in her backyard .
it is easier to ask for forgiveness than to get permission .
i need you to focus and listen to me .
it is only when i cannot sleep at night that the ticking of the clock bothers me .
i want you to go to boston with tom .
i must admit that i have never heard of it .
i do not need your money . i just need your time .
tom tried to kiss mary , but she backed away .
the shopkeeper went out of her way to help us .
the minute i entered the room , they stopped talking .
we will have our picnic inside if the weather does not improve .
you are the only person i know who is qualified for this job .
i still listen to the same music that i listened to as a teenager .
it is better to have old second hand diamonds than none at all .
i do not think i deserved the punishment i got .
you do not know tom as well as i do .
each time i went to see him , i found him at work .
before going to work in paris , i must brush up on my french .
she advised him not to buy a used car , but he did not follow her advice .
as is often the case with him , he was late .
i do not want to talk to you about this .
even if i wanted to , i could not do that .
she gave me a lovely watch , but i lost it .
everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion .
i heard a strange noise coming from the kitchen .
i think you should go to australia for christmas .
even if you are busy , you should keep your promise .
tom came to my office to ask me for money .
the tip of the spear was dipped in a deadly poison .
i prefer to drink my coffee without sugar and without milk .
if it had not been for your raincoat , i would have been drenched to the skin .
i feel sleepy when i listen to soft music .
that is what tom and i are trying to do .
i will try not to be late in the future .
the man did not so much as apologize for stepping on my foot .
i just want to know what i am getting into .
the president gave up the idea because it was not practical .
i want you to take charge of this operation .
our company s showroom was a hit with the ladies .
tom put the card face down on the table .
i cannot help but feel that if we had gotten to know each other better , we would have been friends .
the ticket you have bought is not valid during peak times .
it does not make much sense to me , but tom has decided not to go to college .
are you sure you know where tom s house is ?
has it occurred to you that you might be the one with the problem ?
do you know what really hurts me the most ?
what you make is small potatoes compared to the boss s salary .
you were the one who suggested i visit tom .
he wrote a book about the american civil war .
a dog s sense of smell is much keener than a humangs .
i assume you have a college degree . you assume wrong .
she would often bring home table scraps from the restaurant where she worked to feed to her dog .
do you know why spring rolls are called spring rolls ?
i sat behind a very tall man in the theater .
what color are you going to dye your hair ?
stick together as a family , because it is easy to get lost .
did you tell tom he could borrow your car ?
i will send you a copy of that picture as soon as possible .
i do not think anyone really expected you to help .
i studied english for four years with a native speaker .
if it sounds too good to be true , it probably is .
on behalf of the company , i would like to express our hearty thanks to you all .
the chances are that he is still in bed .
the doctor advised me not to drink too much .
i do not like that lawyer you hired for me .
his business in new york was a great success .
i do not have time to deal with this right now .
tom dyed his hair the same color as mary s .
i have a classmate who says he can speak french fluently .
the tunnel caved in because of the earthquake the other day .
it was a pity that tom could not come to our party .
i went skiing for the first time this winter .
what ! this t shirt is , yen ? this is a rip off !
she did not want him to go out with other women .
if you look carefully , you will see that the box has a false bottom .
the cat is sitting on the chair and looking at the meat that is lying on the kitchen table .
it so happened that i had no money with me .
a bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain .
i went to bed a little later than usual .
he began by saying that he would not speak very long .
i am looking for an apartment in the center of town .
she obeys him no matter what he tells her to do .
i could not understand why tom wanted to quit school .
i do not think tom really needed to do that .
what hurts the most is that you did not feel you could tell me the truth .
he is the last man that i want to talk with .
i am sorry , but i do not speak french very well .
he has not come yet . he may have missed the train .
i gave her my word i would be back home by nine .
let s all pitch in and get the work done .
i moved out of my parent s house to live on my own .
do you really want to put your life in her hands ?
when did you return ? i came back the day before yesterday .
tom laughed at some of mary s jokes , but he thought some of them were not very funny .
i would never consider building a house in this area .
it is important for them to do their best .
the experience gave him an advantage over the others .
tom wants to call his uncle , but he cannot seem to get a hold of him .
if you do not believe me , go and see for yourself .
when will you be here ? i will let you know .
the engine did not start because it needed a new spark plug .
is it true that boston is a popular destination for tourists ?
that is the most important part of a good education ?
laws differ from state to state in the united states .
reducing the budget deficit is a major concern of the government .
to be honest , i have never heard of this place before .
she can sing better than anybody else in her class .
i cannot just leave . i have to tell the boss i am leaving .
here are the divorce papers . i am not signing them .
is there anything that makes your pain feel worse ?
what if someone killed tom ? what would you do ?
tom lives on a farm with his wife , mary , not too far from boston .
if you need a pen , i can lend you one .
tom did not help mary as much as he should have .
she dog eared the page and set the book aside .
tom would have liked you . it is too bad that you never met each other .
when my brother was young , i often used to take him to the park .
tom always asks for permission before he borrows my bicycle .
there is a big stack of mail on the table .
everybody talks about the weather , but nobody does anything about it .
we thought it wise not to continue our trip .
he was always pulling my leg when we worked together .
in rio de janeiro , of the population lives in slums .
i did not even know that my car had been stolen .
this coffee is too hot for me to drink .
he had to call on all his experience to carry out the plan .
due to the worsening weather , the departure was delayed .
most of the plain , simple , everyday things he desires can be secured by people of average means .
i have attached a pdf file of my curriculum vitae .
i wonder where to hang the picture he gave me .
how can i extract the audio from a video clip ?
i have to make sure that tom and mary do not do that .
she stood transfixed as if she had seen a ghost .
the stars are shining very brightly in the sky tonight .
they started to sell a new type of car in tokyo .
he got down on his knees and prayed for the souls of the deceased .
i am not going to go to boston next week .
i have the feeling there s something you have not told me yet .
have you ever eaten anything that made you hallucinate ?
the doctor advised my father to give up smoking .
we can continue playing , as long as we do not make too much noise .
he was not earning a large salary when he retired .
i should not have to tell you to do your homework .
the entire family lives there in a messy apartment .
tom took off his watch and put it on the table .
i dunno if it is a bug or what , but this software does not work right .
i agree with you that we need more women in this company .
tom says he did not know mary wanted to go to australia with him .
i do not know how to thank you for your kindness .
this information is not as up to date as it should be .
this store does not stay open as late as i would like .
tom spent the whole evening searching the web for photos of famous people .
have you already spent the money tom gave you ?
i have not heard anything from him since then . i wonder what he is up to .
these cardboard boxes are a hundred per cent recyclable .
is your stomach pain dull , sharp , cramping , or something else ?
you do not have to talk about it if you do not want to .
tom knew deep down that it was all his fault , but he was not about to admit it .
the shirt that i have just bought is very nice .
she spends a major part of her income on food .
once upon a time , there lived a poor man and a rich woman .
he broke his word , which made his wife angry .
it is possible that they have not seen each other s faces .
this lid is too tight for me to open .
i just do not want there to be any bloodshed .
i thought you said that you did not want to be disturbed .
tom has not eaten a decent meal in a long time .
it is best to make international calls person to person .
we already have three events booked for next week .
the catapult hurled the boulder over the castle walls .
stay home so that you can answer the phone .
i went to the kitchen to get something to eat .
all at once , the buddhist priest burst into laughter , spoiling the solemn atmosphere .
if you were to hear him speak french , you would take him for a frenchman .
do you know where i will end up if i take this road ?
except for leap years , february has only days .
he read the entire old testament in one year .
i am not the one you should be afraid of .
we all knew it would happen sooner or later .
since there is no air on the moon , there is no sound at all .
i do not know who else to turn to for help .
if you tell too many lies , people will not ever believe you .
take a sponge , some dish liquid and a towel , then get to work .
let me buy you lunch . sure . i would like that .
there were stacks of books all over the floor .
her unhappiness turned to bliss when she heard his voice .
my father works hard because he wants to give us everything we need .
i do not have enough money to pay for the operation that i need .
there was a cottage on the side of the hill .
tom and mary contradict each other all the time .
it began to rain , so he did not have to water the lawn .
in judging his work , we must take his lack of experience into account .
the village is connected with our town by a bridge .
my sister is thin , but i am a little overweight .
tom said that he did not plan to stay here much longer .
the level of the river rose little by little .
you know tom , do not you ? i cannot say that i do .
i think it is unlikely that a situation like this one would ever occur again .
i want to do some bass fishing , but i do not know what to use for bait .
pardon me , is there an atm in this area ?
in general , young people today are not interested in politics .
i cannot concentrate with all this commotion going on .
my father is not as old as he looks .
a dictionary is an important aid in language learning .
please think it over and let me know your decision .
according to today s paper , there was a fire in the city .
we bought our new neighbors a clock as a housewarming gift .
it hurt so much i could have screamed , but i gritted my teeth and bravely bore the pain .
there was a suggestion of anger in his voice .
i am sure it will not be easy to do that .
how long do you think it would take you to paint my house ?
the rent is really cheap , so i am not complaining .
tom said that he thought that he might be permitted to do that .
all you have to do is to meet her there .
if you could loan me some money , i would be grateful .
i do not want to know that is going to happen .
i will be back soon . i have to run to the post office .
there s no need to wash your hair every day .
i want a box three times as large as this .
how do i know that you are not going to try to kill me ?
many flights have been canceled because of the storm .
i do not think tom would make a very good boss .
there are still some savage tribes on that island .
i could not tell what color his shirt was because it was too dark outside .
i thought tom would ask mary to go with him to boston .
today there are many things made of sheet metal .
i do not know how many years ago it was , but it was certainly more than three .
why did not you try the dress on before you bought it ?
what kind of person would forget to pick their children up after school ?
if i were in your situation , i would do the same thing .
i entered tom s office after knocking on the door .
i took it for granted that she had received my letter .
the coffee is too bitter for me to drink .
i always take a bath before going to bed .
he made use of the opportunity to improve his english .
i cannot wait to tell you about what we did .
tom does not get along with the man who lives next door .
you did not need to hurry . you got here too early anyway .
i have already bought tom what he asked me to buy .
tom wanted to ask mary how old she was , but he thought that maybe he should not .
i go to the beach as often as i can .
i live here because it is close to where i work .
tom did not tell mary what she needed to buy .
the teacher did not let the students ask any questions .
i do not know what to do with those leftovers .
this is the best movie i have seen in a long time .
if you do not leave , i will sic my dogs on you .
i told you not to call me at work .
puns are very hard , if not impossible , to translate .
tom spent the remainder of the night thinking about mary .
i got mugged on my way home last night .
tom does not like mary . however , she does not particularly care whether he likes her or not .
it will not be long before my husband comes back .
i would not bet on that if i were you .
tom was angry with mary because she was in his parking space .
some stars began to appear in the night sky .
it is almost seven . we have to go to school .
it is our policy not to give out personal information .
a fat man seldom dislikes anybody very hard or for very long .
i am too tired to ride my bicycle back home .
i owe what i am today to my father .
i think you would better take an umbrella in case it rains .
tom is not the slightest bit interested in my suggestion .
there are not enough chairs for us to sit on .
he told me to meet him at his apartment .
tom told mary where he hid the gold coins .
a fire broke out last night and three houses were burnt down .
i am sure you will tell me what i want to know .
you will not find a dog bigger than this one .
tom asked me if i had a black tie he could borrow .
she was able to solve the problem in ten minutes .
do you have something else more pressing to do ?
an atomic bomb was dropped on hiroshima in .
he pleaded with his mother to let him go to the party .
yesterday was very cold so i wore a hat .
there were three of them and all three were armed .
you do not have to say anything if you do not feel like it .
he just texted me . i think he is drunk again .
thanks to his recommendation , i was able to get a teaching job at a college in tokyo .
i borrowed money not only from tom , but from his wife , too .
it looks like the party in power will win the upcoming election .
i hope the new plan will work out satisfactorily .
i cannot tell you his name , but i can tell you where he lives .
this is what happens when you do not pay attention to what you are doing .
i would like to introduce to you the gentleman i told you about the other day .
the vaccination left a funny little mark on my arm .
even japanese can make mistakes when they speak japanese .
none of you have any idea what i have been through .
i am not sure , but i think i want to be a teacher .
i cannot thank you enough for the help you have given me .
i copied in my notebook whatever he wrote on the blackboard .
the climate of new zealand is similar to that of japan .
we must buy a new carpet for this room .
at a young age , i had to learn to fend for myself .
besides being a surgeon , he was a famous writer .
i am not sure if it is a compliment or an insult .
we cannot rule out the possibility that civil war will break out in that country .
i suppose you want to ask me why i did not go to your party last night .
i would like to ask you a few questions if you do not mind .
he will do his best to finish it on time .
i have an early memory of my grandmother darning socks .
i would like to go with you if you do not mind .
they lost no time in getting the sick man to a hospital .
i told tom why i had to do that .
it took me only three hours to do that .
it is just like her to think of others before thinking of herself .
we must work hard to break down social barriers .
i asked him to slowly read off the numbers on the meter .
everywhere he went , he taught love , patience , and most of all , non violence .
i broke a bone in my foot while exercising .
what would you do if tom asked you to do that ?
please remember to mail this letter on your way to school tomorrow morning .
the senator was censured by the congressional ethics committee .
i wore out two pairs of jogging shoes last year .
this is the house where that poet lived when he was a child .
let me know if there s anything i can do .
i found a good place to buy fruit a couple of days ago .
i do not really know why he wrote the book .
you are not going to the party dressed like that , are you ?
i think it is time for me to get a new email address .
the mona lisa was painted by leonardo da vinci .
i could hear the sound of children playing outside my window .
i borrowed my father s hammer to build a dog house .
tom does not want you to share this information with anyone .
i just want to make it home in one piece .
the electricity went out , but it is back on now .
i drank a cup of coffee to stay awake .
she started kissing him as soon as he got home .
generally speaking , a woman will live longer than a man .
he intimated that all is not well in his marriage .
i was not the only one who did not know tom .
i gave him a warning , to which he paid no attention .
is there a book in the desk ? no , there is not .
why do not you tell me what happened last night ?
kazakhstan is landlocked and depends on russia to export its oil to europe .
one of my neighbors called and said i left one of my windows open .
it is a shame to stay indoors on a day like this .
she went out of the room with downcast eyes .
if you have a good garden , it will enhance the value of your house .
do you really want to put your money in that bank ?
if walls could talk , what stories would they tell us ?
in such situations , one must be patient and keep calm .
i agree with your interpretation to a large extent .
the last two lines of the document are mostly illegible .
how much is this camera worth ? about dollars .
after an absence of seven years , i went home .
i needed your help , but i could not find you .
tom has a bright career as a medical doctor .
i do not want to sleep on the couch again tonight .
you will have to tell me what you want to eat .
let me tell you how tom and mary met .
i got the impression you did not believe tom either .
no matter how long it takes , i will finish the work .
that is the difference between a fable and a fairytale ?
you need to change the ink cartridge in your printer .
this figure is supposed to represent marilyn monroe , but i do not think it does her justice .
read over your paper before you hand it in .
i ran as fast as possible , but i was not in time for the last train .
a drunk driver was responsible for the car accident .
salmon go up the river and lay their eggs in the sand .
in their case , it was love at first sight .
more students apply to the university than can be accepted .
how long does it take to walk from here to the city hall ?
i was not planning on doing that , but now that you suggest it , i may give it a try .
i do not want you to get the wrong impression .
all these people need to be hospitalized and treated .
you cannot fix it in the amount of time you have left .
since i did not know what to do , i asked him for advice .
he is not lazy . on the contrary , i think he is a hard worker .
do not tell me you do not know how to drive .
did you hear about the time tom tried to kill mary ?
she has a real knack for getting people to do what she wants .
you do not have to eat with tom , but i wish you would .
the farmer dug a hole so he could plant a tree .
we would be happy if you could come with us .
tom and mary are planning a picnic at the lake .
i do not know how long the meeting is going to last .
the best way to predict the future is to create it yourself .
you promised me that you would make something for us to eat .
many people in africa were killed as a result of the storm .
canada is really big and there are lots of people .
the citizens of this small community do not condone public displays of affection .
i thought you would always wanted to see this movie .
my mother tells me not to study so hard .
i have never seen so many birds at one time before .
my curtains were closed , so i did not see what was happening outside .
your drinking is starting to affect the performance of your duties .
i finally have time to reply to the mail that i have received these past three weeks .
when the weather was nice , tom always left his windows open .
she had to share a bedroom with her sister .
it was apparent that he did not understand what i had said .
my aunt wears glasses when she reads the papers .
you only really need to sound exactly like a native speaker if you want to become a spy .
to do him justice , he did his best with his limited men and supplies .
i have never been the kind of person who complains about things like that .
hailing a cab in manhattan at p . m . is nearly impossible .
the only reason tom went to the party was that he expected mary to be there .
how did you get that bruise on your leg ?
this book is easy enough for them to read .
everyone is entitled to be moody once in a while .
why do i get the feeling i am not going to like this ?
he was exiled to an island for the crime of high treason .
tom did not want to wear the shirt his mother had gotten him for christmas .
if you ever touch me again , i will kill you .
tom always checks to verify that no dyes are in any food he buys .
we just missed the last bus , so we will have to walk home .
i would never forgive myself if anything happened to you .
a customs official asked me to open my suitcase .
if he is late , it is ok to start the meeting without him .
do not worry . i am not going to tell the police .
the thief cut the telephone lines before breaking into the house .
cesar chavez was born on a small farm near yuma , arizona in .
tom attributed his failure in the exam to illness .
i do not know if i can handle this alone .
i cannot tell you how happy i am that you have decided to join our company .
you are not going to weasel out of it this time .
tom and i have not seen each other since our divorce .
i told him to work hard or he would fail .
i try not to use more paper than i need .
it was a victory for the whole country when he finished first in the race .
i did not take the time to do it properly .
if you did not eat the cake i made , then your sister did .
do you want to get out of here or not ?
she lost her only son in the traffic accident .
if what you say is true , it follows that he has an alibi .
i am going to do an internship at a local company .
do you mind if i use your phone ? no , please go ahead .
are you sure you do not want to live at home with your parents ?
this vending machine was destroyed by hoodlums last night .
investigators are trying to pin down the cause of today s fire .
many people thought that the report was poorly written .
tom wondered when mary had bought the milk that was in the refrigerator .
you should not despise a man because he is poor .
tom and mary agreed to work together on the project .
all future meetings will be held in this room .
i want to know what you did this summer .
she wrote to her parents at least once a week .
did you hear about tom and mary splitting up ?
how about a cup of tea or something , if you are not in a hurry ?
the waiting room was hot and there was no fan .
he explained the political background of the war on tv .
there is so much pollution in new york that joggers often wear masks when running .
i do not want to be left holding the bag .
tom told mary that she should be ashamed of herself .
tom wants to know that is going to happen next .
some countries in europe are not part of the european union .
some large birds prey upon small birds and animals .
i think it is time for me to get a new pair of glasses .
there have been a lot of complaints about your behavior .
how many of the words on this list do not you know ?
i was able to get my parents to consent to my marriage .
i would like to buy a house , but i cannot afford to .
if you think you are someone , you stop becoming someone .
is it all right if i join you ? of course .
where can i go to get some good advice ?
have you heard from him since he left for america ?
is the essay ready ? no , i am sorry . i have not finished writing it yet .
there s only one way to find out how to do that . ask tom .
she told him a joke , but he did not think it was funny .
i cannot fit everything i need into one suitcase .
i want to make sure you are who you say you are .
tom does not think he will have the time to do that today .
the old man freed the little fox from the trap .
i read the newspaper every day when i was in college .
i put on my mask every time i leave the house .
the warrior is conscious of both his strength and his weakness .
please remove all of your clothes , except your underwear .
i do not care what the doctor says . i am going to eat whatever i want .
you probably have enough money to live till you die .
make sure you cut the board against the grain .
do not let me catch you doing anything like this again .
i did not realize my wallet was missing until i got home .
the canary is in the cage on the windowsill .
they welcomed me warmly , so i felt at home .
someone broke into tom s house while he was asleep .
we need to decide that is important and what is not .
we did our best to help him , but he did not so much as say thank you .
we have to find another way to do that .
i think that it was tom who did that .
everybody expected that the experiment would result in failure .
thanks for bringing me up to date on this matter .
when it comes to good quality wine , no country can rival france .
i do not want to be a burden to you .
tom wants to live in the country after he retires .
are not you the only one who has a key to this door ?
i would prefer to only hire people to translate into their native language .
we could not open the door because it was locked from the inside .
i enforce the rules even though i do not agree with them all .
the hospital food was not as bad as i expected it to be .
after the christmas party was over , we all went out caroling .
the tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell body parts for money .
i assume you must be a close friend of tom s .
i cannot tell you how much i have been looking forward to your visit .
she dumped him because she thought he was a jerk .
we are thinking of adding on another bedroom to the house .
she sorted the washing before putting it in the washing machine .
i know what tom and mary are capable of .
the way you sit tells a great deal about your nature .
i am not as interested in politics as you are .
the man driving the bus is a good friend of mine .
i want to speak to whoever is in charge here .
all that you have to do is to wait for his reply .
it is not easy to find the way to the park .
she was ready to help him with washing the car .
you have a lot of money , and i have none .
portugal is not as close to france as spain .
i understand you are looking for a record album of nursery rhymes .
what kind of changes do you want us to make ?
his name is known to everyone in our town .
when was the last time you went to church ?
tom was able to convince mary to help . how did he do that ?
there used to be some big trees around the pond .
not too long ago , i was not able to play the guitar at all .
i would not have asked you to come if it were not absolutely necessary .
i came to warn you not to do that .
i was amazed at the fluency with which the boy spoke french .
the cia runs a thorough background check on all new employees .
i was happy to wake up to the aroma of coffee brewing .
there have been a lot of airplane accidents recently .
you could do this if you put your mind to it .
tom is the one who broke the window yesterday .
he failed to become a cabinet member at that time .
how long has it been since you have had a girlfriend ?
i cannot keep up with you if you walk so fast .
he went to the bank and changed his money .
japan is a country that is completely surrounded by oceans .
i am not interested in learning how to fix a broken table .
one day , they are going to take away your driver s license .
the food supplies will not hold out till then .
i had hardly left home when it began raining .
i wish i could have eaten at that restaurant with you .
his book begins with a tale of country life .
she was at a loss for words to express her feeling .
what sort of people hang out at a place like this ?
tom gets angry at the slightest hint of criticism .
you might as well read a novel instead of staring at the ceiling .
as i told you before , i have no choice .
several parents in the room were bottle feeding their babies .
they decided on the date and location of their wedding .
when i was in school , i really hated writing essays .
the truck hit the police officer before plowing into the police car .
the stars seem dim because of the city lights .
it seems that the elderly are having difficulties in using the internet .
in any case , i will have to go there tomorrow .
tom decided to give mary everything she asked for .
i think it is time for me to take a break .
did you stay home to study for the test ?
i am studying french because i need it for my job .
i am sorry , but i really do not have time to do that right now .
it was such a boring speech that i fell asleep .
two months have passed since he left for france .
i met my teacher on the way to the station .
we could see the reflection of the mountains in the lake .
it is horrible to get caught in rush hour traffic .
the president says we must beef up our military forces .
my mommy and daddy will love me no matter what .
how many people want to go swimming with us ?
do not interfere with him if you want him to like you .
i did not want to be here in the first place .
i just want to go home and see my wife and the kids .
how many packs of cigarettes do you smoke daily ?
they deal in fruit and vegetables at that store .
did you have a good time on your trip to london ?
the shortage of manpower poses a big problem for us .
tom and mary do not like the same kind of movies .
you should try not to scratch your mosquito bites .
some people still believe that the world is flat .
i always travel with travelers checks instead of cash .
i had no idea you could speak french so well .
his behavior at the party was so humorous that i could not help laughing .
it is dangerous for you to swim in this river .
i am getting tired of hearing christmas music everywhere i go .
i think it is time for me to get a bit of exercise .
i was deceived by a person who i had thought was a friend of mine .
i have got to figure out what i am doing wrong .
what would you like to do while you are here ?
tom said that he would be the first one to do that .
i wish i had more time to talk to you .
he argues that the administration must look for alternative sources of revenue .
why do not you stay and drink some wine with us ?
while swimming in the pool , she lost her locker key .
how long has it been since you gave up teaching at that school ?
tom says that mary definitely does not want to be married .
has anyone ever told you that you snore when you sleep ?
i want to get into shape , so i have been working out every day .
tom asked for my permission to use my computer .
i miss the hustle and bustle of city life .
the tetanus shot hurt more than the dog bite .
if you see or hear anything , let me know .
was there anybody in the room ? no , there was nobody there .
if you are smart , you will cash out while you are ahead .
that jacket must have cost you an arm and a leg .
i do not know why i have to do this .
the weather was getting worse and worse as the day went on .
that is in the box is none of your business .
tom is one of the most talented guys i know .
i have made peace with my maker . i am ready to die .
hurry up , and you will be in time for the bus .
i cannot go with you . i have a meeting .
we do not have time to do that right now .
there is little hope that she will come on time .
tom and mary both wanted a lot of kids .
i doubt that our new boss will be any worse than the old one .
tom was pacing in his room , unable to calm himself down .
i do not want to have children . is that abnormal ?
i want to show you something in my office .
she says she is not dating anyone now , but i do not believe her .
when we were kids , we played together every day .
you have no idea how much that means to me .
do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope ?
i made a big mistake when choosing my wife .
the shop on the corner sells fruit at a very good price .
in singapore , one way to punish a criminal is to whip him or her .
the sea got rough , so that we had to give up fishing .
tom is usually on time and mary is usually late .
people say that japan is the richest country in the world .
he stubbed out his cigar in the ashtray and stood up to leave .
as soon as we get the tickets , we will send them to you .
in japan , there is no lake bigger than lake biwa .
i do not know if it will be fine tomorrow , but if it is fine we will go on a picnic .
tom does not want to be seen talking to you .
in addition to being a famous physicist , he is a great novelist .
as for me , i am not satisfied with the result of the examination the other day .
i hate it when people make fun of my accent .
it was the first time i visited the museum .
i would like to try this on . where are the fitting rooms ?
make sure you stick together so no one gets lost .
would it be ok if i discussed it with my wife ?
i know it is not true , but it definitely seems like the sun revolves around the earth .
i want to sleep in my own bed tonight .
instead of taking notes , i spent the whole class doodling .
our server will be offline on october th for scheduled maintenance .
that bridge is not strong enough to support so much weight .
i am very happy you will be visiting boston next month .
no matter how he tried , he could not open the door .
i want you to know i will work very hard .
i am not going to the library , but i can take you as far as the station .
when i was young , i used to often watch baseball games .
the poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved .
if you turn on me like that , i will not say another word .
a blast of cold air swept through the house .
the poor acoustics in the hall severely affected the audience s enjoyment of the concert .
some go to school by bicycle , others go by bus .
i think you are the one who broke it .
cannot you move your stuff to the other room ?
i was told that we have to bring our own water .
we need to think about what will happen if we do not do that .
this is not tom s watch . i never said it was .
if i had bought the painting then , i would be rich now .
if you have got a problem , i would like to know what it is .
genius is one percent inspiration and ninety nine percent perspiration .
some indigenous tribes in brazil are threatened by loggers .
soon nobody will have anything to do with you .
why would not you let me tell you what happened ?
lucky are those who have escaped safe and sound .
tom does not take very good care of his children .
tom bought a box of candy to give to mary .
what was the name of the hotel where you stayed in boston last year ?
we are going to my folks for christmas this year .
the boss spoke in a condescending tone when addressing the female staff members .
i can always take the bus back to boston , right ?
she fainted , but came to after a few minutes .
please allow me to ask you a few questions .
i want to know why you were not at the meeting this morning .
i just wanted to let you know i have a date .
no one on board the sinking ship could swim .
climate change threatens to exacerbate existing social and economic inequalities .
tom has not been the same since you left him .
what would you do if you met a lion here ?
i cannot wait for spring to come so we can sit under the cherry trees .
i would like to earn my keep while i am staying with you .
my teeth are totally healthy and free of problems .
i would like to stay and chat , but i have got a meeting to go to .
tom and mary have never been to that restaurant .
as far as i know , he is not married .
i am pretty sure that i have not done anything i did not have to do .
he screwed up his courage and proposed to her .
you are under no obligation to divulge that information .
there is a bottle of wine on the table .
after spending three weeks looking for a job , he found a well paid one .
i plan to go . i do not care if you do or not .
every boy is supposed to wear a tie at the party .
the standards for admission to this school are very high .
some of the students decorated the classroom with christmas ornaments .
i need to find somebody who can babysit on friday nights .
cheese and other dairy products do not agree with me .
according to the news , he was eaten by sharks .
the schedule dictates that this work be done by the weekend .
the introduction of foreign plants and animals can cause severe damage to ecosystems .
my aunt treats me as if i were a child .
she intended to go shopping with her mother , but her mother was busy .
she makes excellent meals in the blink of an eye .
tom kissed mary under the mistletoe on christmas eve .
he has a large desk in his small room .
to prevent the disease from spreading quickly was not an easy task .
educational reforms still have a long way to go .
if you had been a little more patient , you could have succeeded .
i wish i could figure out how to get more people to visit my website .
i have no idea how many people will be at the picnic .
she took a flower from the vase and held it out to me .
i am visiting a friend of mine in the hospital .
this is the same watch that i lost a week ago .
without a moment s hesitation , they took drastic action against the conspiracy .
i almost forgot to tell tom about the party .
he told me that whatever might happen , he was prepared for it .
the heat turns off automatically when the room reaches a certain temperature .
which line should i get in ? any line is fine .
mother gets up earlier than anybody else in my family .
you do not want to go to prison , do you ?
we should ask tom what he thinks we should do .
i just want to be your friend , nothing more .
compared with the old model , this is far easier to handle .
i can go months without an alcoholic drink , but not even one hour without a cigarette .
tom said that he did not want to ever see mary again .
i guess you think you are pretty special , do not you ?
the people he is living with in london are coming to see me .
the ceo is trying to quash these unfounded rumors about a merger .
any play opening to bad reviews will not last long .
tom is not really as rich as everyone thinks he is .
she will be glad if you go to see her in person .
i did not realize you were so good at french .
i had enough sense to get out of there .
as far as i know , he did nothing wrong .
their plot to start a fire was discovered by the police .
i do not like tea , so i generally drink coffee for breakfast .
they had to change their schedule because the train arrived late .
i think it is time for me to go to bed .
you should choose a job in relation to your talents and interests .
his absence gave birth to all sorts of rumors .
people always ask me why i do what i do .
he is always talking about old memories of his childhood .
they look just like rats leaving a sinking ship .
my dad loses his keys at least once a week .
i used to take a walk in the morning .
if i were to tell you all i know , you would be amazed .
there s a bottle of white wine in the refrigerator .
we have a good team and everyone knows it .
our dog was nearly run over by a car .
i am not accustomed to eating this kind of food .
i cannot think of any other way of getting him to accept our proposal .
i would like to become a top model and travel all over the world .
do you think it will be easy to find the kind of job you want ?
this is only a symptom of a deeper problem .
i want to be certain you are who you say you are .
how will you keep tom from going to the police ? i will offer him money .
i realize you do not really want to be here .
that is the name of the company you work for ?
the app will not work if you are not connected to the internet .
the earth is similar to an orange in shape .
what tom likes most is whiskey on the rocks .
she advised him to stop taking that medicine , but he felt he needed to .
tom only had a few visitors when he was in the hospital .
tom expected to leave early in the morning , but he overslept .
we would really like to help you , but our hands are tied .
a lot of people are now trying to sell their houses .
i cannot believe that you actually got into harvard .
are you seriously thinking about getting married again at your age ?
i am afraid the bank is going to repossess my house .
a man is known by the company he keeps .
i am glad you are here to help me with this .
did you have your photograph taken for the driver s license ?
if you had a million dollars , what would you do ?
i bet stuff like this does not happen to tom .
a driver s job is not as easy as it looks .
i spent my money on clothes , food and books .
did the old man get lost in the forest ?
my german vocabulary list is up to two thousand words now .
i could probably convince tom not to do that .
i heard that a woman stabbed a man for eating her lunch .
this scandal will likely ruin your chances of being elected .
is there a clause in the lease regarding that ?
i do not believe half of what i have been told about you .
he was stupid enough to believe what she said .
no sooner had i left the house than it started to rain .
i have already made amends to most of the people on my list .
do not worry , i will not turn you in to the police .
i found the book easily though it was dark in the room .
father has lost his job , and that is worse , mother has fallen ill .
he tried to make his wife happy , but he could not .
i promise you i will stay with you until your father arrives .
we have to sing at an old folks home today .
i did not want things to end up like this .
for me , being a doctor is not a job , it is a calling .
the box is light enough for a child to carry .
i am not the captain of the new team .
i think i saw a ghost in the woods .
if you take a close look , you will find that your friends and you have similar personalities .
i can remember when you were just a little boy .
could you do this instead of me ? sorry , i am too busy .
tom does not have to go if he does not want to .
caesar leaves gaul , crosses the rubicon , and enters italy .
i am calling the cops unless you leave right now .
if you are reading this letter , it means that i have died .
what am i supposed to do with what you gave me ?
that offer sounds too good to be true . that is the catch ?
i am not going to do that unless you help me .
i managed to acquire the book after a long search .
the cuffs of his suit jacket are badly frayed .
i want to keep my room as neat as possible .
the train is traveling at the rate of miles an hour .
she told me that she wanted a pet dog .
i was born in osaka , but brought up in tokyo .
the doctor told tom to stop eating dog food .
you can see that the architect paid scrupulous attention to detail .
i am sure if you put your mind to it , you can do it .
i am not the only one who saw tom swimming yesterday evening .
steel production reached an estimated million tons last year .
i had stage fright at first , but i got over it quickly .
that woman standing over there is the most beautiful woman i have ever seen .
i thought you might be lonely , so i came over with a bottle of wine .
more often than not , he is late for school .
which kind of watch do you prefer , digital or analog ?
please tell me how much you paid for that .
a wise man would not say such a thing .
in any case i just want to make clear that the fact that these are not normal people .
tom cannot carry all those suitcases so you should help him .
we are planning to have a christmas party on christmas eve .
you are an idiot to go out in this weather .
the rainforests are disappearing at the rate of tens of thousands of hectares a day .
tom puts gas in his car twice a week .
i think it is time for me to sharpen my pencil .
do you want me to tell you exactly what i felt ?
i had not laughed like that in a very long time .
tom certainly does not seem to know what he is doing .
it is not always easy to know a good book from a bad one .
she will do her best to be here on time .
he asked me whether she had given me the book , or if i had bought it myself .
can i eat this mushroom ? you can eat anything one time .
he had his brother help him with the gardening .
i would like to study french , but i do not have the time .
i have many visas in my passport because i travel a lot for my job .
some people take a bath every day and others do not .
he was absent from school because he was sick .
if you do not want me to go , i will not .
i refuse to be treated like a slave by you .
i think tom said he would be staying in boston for three weeks .
to improve your fluency , you should try speaking with native speakers as often as you can .
he does not seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me .
what would you say if you were in my place ?
i want the money you owe me and i want it now .
that car is too expensive for me to buy .
he went on reading the book as if nothing had happened .
i was taking a shower , so i did not hear the phone .
there are a lot of people in the waiting room .
if you had helped me , i could have accomplished the work .
it is not fair to attribute your failure to your parents .
why are not you going ? because i do not want to .
why could not i be the one to help you ?
i cannot turn it on , because the switch is broken .
i told you to open the hood , not the trunk .
we listened carefully in order not to miss a single word .
we will allow a percent discount off list prices .
if i were you , i would not move to australia .
i did not have time to think . i had to make a judgment call .
the plane had already taken off when i reached the airport .
i thought that tom was planning on staying for a month .
it is no use pretending that you cannot speak french .
i want my children to have the best of everything .
i do not know the reason why he went there .
you have no idea how important you are to me .
i know the last thing you want to do is help me .
i guess it does not make any difference which swimming club i join .
tom has already told mary not to do that anymore .
parents who beat their children really make my blood boil .
he decided to feed his dog the rabbit that he had shot earlier that day .
how can you be so passive ? why do not you retaliate ?
if you would followed my advice , you would not be in such a fix now .
afraid of hurting his feelings , i did not tell him the truth .
it is time to get started with the christmas shopping .
i am convinced that things will change for the better .
i am extremely embarrassed that it has taken so long to reply .
a bat is no more a bird than a rat is .
if you have a problem with any of this , i need to know now .
if he told me the truth , i would have forgiven him .
tom hired a local contractor to remodel his kitchen .
tom could not stand mary not knowing what had happened .
tom said he was not ready to become a father .
i meet him at the club from time to time .
we are busy preparing for our wedding and honeymoon .
she advised him to walk instead of taking a bus .
i want to thank you for all you have done .
i got up on the wrong side of the bed this morning .
she waved at me before she got on board the plane .
tom s jokes are hilarious and get even better after he is had a few beers .
my father is proud of the fact that he is never been in a traffic accident .
they killed tom as an example to the other prisoners .
for the first time in more than years , the unemployment rate is below .
some incidents from my childhood are crystal clear , others are just a dim memory .
the parking lot in the back of the school is almost empty .
paris is one of the cities i visited last year .
it seems those two are made for each other .
he was scolded by his teacher for being lazy .
he was given a gold watch as a reward .
we have to figure out a way to make some money .
when we arrived at the stadium , the game had already started .
can i have the paper when you are finished with it ?
the movie is now showing at a theater near you .
i told you we should have gotten here earlier . now there are not any places left to sit .
i do not think that i really matter to you .
is there anything certain you can tell us about tom ?
tom and i went to a party last night .
they said that contact with the plane had been lost .
this knife is so dull that it cannot cut .
could you tell me which bus or train goes to the center of the town ?
he will make a business trip to london next week .
i did not know we would not be allowed to do that .
why do not you tell me what this is all about ?
i suggest you do your job and let me do mine .
if i were in good health , i could pursue my studies .
you cannot just not pay someone for work you hired them to do .
everybody in the building headed for the exits at the same time .
this chair is very comfortable , but i do not like the color .
things might have turned out better if you had not gone there .
in case of fire , break the glass and push the red button .
she taught the child never to play with matches .
how long had you been sick before you saw the doctor ?
she could always call her parents when she was in a crunch .
nothing is more pleasant than taking a rest after hard work .
i asked tom to help me with my homework .
the restaurant owner allowed her to take table scraps home to feed all of her dogs .
how do you get the most bang for the buck ?
the doctor would not allow me to take part in the marathon .
would you mind if we put this off until tomorrow ?
she always takes her time in choosing her dress .
i knew this was too good to be true .
this is the man that i see every day on the train .
how many years did it take you to do that ?
you need to put some ice on your ankle to keep the swelling down .
i do not care if our team wins or not .
let s go out and have a good time with our friends .
it is like looking for a needle in a haystack .
a flea can jump times its own height .
let s not waste any more of each other s time .
a merchant is a person who buys and sells goods .
her son is a mama s boy . he has to be with her all the time .
although most islands in the ocean have been mapped , the ocean floor is generally unknown .
you do not have to answer if you do not want to .
tom said he does not even want to think about it .
the air we breathe consists of oxygen and nitrogen .
i think you should tell tom you love him .
you can take a horse to water , but you cannot make him drink .
the weather report said that there will be thunderstorms tomorrow evening .
he claimed that the enormous property was at his disposal .
i do not think this old car will make it to the top of the hill .
you should not eat any fish that come from this river .
are you going to do anything special for christmas ?
if two people have the same opinion , one of them is redundant .
in retrospect , i probably should not have gone there with her .
he left the mexican capital to return to texas .
i had to cancel that order because we did not have enough money to pay for it .
this is one of the best christmases i have ever had .
she owes him a lot of money , but she probably will not be able to pay it back .
the ears of a rabbit are longer than those of a fox .
i ran outside and the door locked itself behind me .
my wife used to stay home , but she works now .
we moved into this house last month , but we still have not settled down .
i do not think many people can say they are satisfied with their salary .
i knew there was something fishy about that guy .
how many times a minute does the average person blink ?
do not be so greedy or you will wind up with nothing .
i do not like to take on such heavy responsibilities .
would you like to speak with a mental health provider ?
the man who is standing over there is my father .
he worked so hard that he ruined his health .
it is all over for me . i lost my job .
he faked his death and assumed a new identity .
i am sure it will be easy to find a place .
the government appointed a committee to investigate the accident .
my father was still at home when i left .
our team is the worst team in the league .
i think this project is moving on the right track .
he does not mean to be mean . it is just his nature .
tom thanked mary for helping him decorate his christmas tree .
do you really need to ask the question to know the answer ?
i want to be assigned to the vice squad .
she can speak not only english but also french .
the sooner we start , the sooner we will be done .
tom is an old friend of mine from high school .
so difficult was the question that no one could answer .
he used to eat out every day , but now he cannot afford it .
he never travels without taking an alarm clock with him .
keeping a diary also gives us a chance to reflect on our daily life .
since he was feeling sick , he stayed home from school .
use your common sense in that kind of a situation .
i wake up at six , but i do not get out of bed until seven .
we do not have the time to discuss this right now .
if you are not going to the concert , then neither am i .
it is not like you are going to get arrested or anything .
tom could not figure out how to export jpeg files .
i remember having a long discussion about that matter with tom .
how much money does tom make ? how would i know ?
it goes without saying that nothing is more important than health .
do you spend more time with your friends or with your family ?
i want you to understand what i am trying to say .
tom tiptoed into the bedroom to avoid waking up his wife .
she combed her hair and bound it with a ribbon .
please do not forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it .
we have not yet finished what we have to do .
i have high blood pressure , so i need to stay away from salt .
it would seem that you know something that i do not .
one of the names on the list was mine .
we often do what we have to do , not what we want to do .
if you have something to say , go ahead and say it .
i had a part time job as a hotel maid , but i did not like it very much .
did you really leave your car unlocked with the key in the ignition ?
president barack obama praised poland as an example for aspiring democracies in the middle east and elsewhere .
i think we should be honest with each other .
if you tell people what they want to hear , they will do what you want .
i have nowhere to sleep . can i crash on your sofa ?
he said he had come to japan the previous week .
the defendant was found not guilty by reason of insanity .
tom was stuck in a traffic jam for what seemed like hours .
i want to get as far away from here as i can .
i only wish i had a little more time to finish this .
the house was more expensive than i had expected .
do not live like you want to , live how you can .
he drank a cup of tea and then asked for another .
you should let tom know that is not going to happen .
there s a sticker on the box that says fragile .
i forgot to tell you why we are asking for donations .
we cannot do what tom has asked us to do .
fully booked for the night , the hotel had to turn away some late guests .
i do not want to jump into the cold water .
are you saying that you do not want to see me anymore ?
my book has to be somewhere in the room .
tom told mary that he did not have enough money .
i do not think i would mind eating chinese food every day .
while she was staying in japan , she often visited kyoto .
who can predict what will happen in the future ?
he crushed the sheet of paper up into a ball .
i know that it is highly unlikely that anyone can help me .
many stores offer discounts in the month of august .
i still believe the internet is not a place for children .
we are finding it difficult deciding on which one to buy .
how many times have i told you not to use that word ?
that is wrong with parading around your own house naked ?
the players were in high spirits after the game .
there are three hundred applicants for only one position .
we have two dogs , three cats , and six chickens .
i just want you to think about me once in a while .
i cannot pay you back the money you lent me .
we have no choice . i guess we will have to walk .
i cannot come up with a good excuse for being late for the dentist .
i wonder if tom will ask for my help .
tom has money . however , he is not all that happy .
is this the book you spoke of the other day ?
the same thing could be said about many other people .
she thought of a good way to make money on the internet .
he was born in a small town in italy .
how dare you tell me what i should or should not do !
the purpose of my visit is to persuade you to take a trip with me .
tom noticed mary was not wearing the ring he would given her .
i want to be able to speak french like a native speaker .
i did all my christmas shopping online this year .
she hired him as an interpreter because she had heard that he was the best .
could i speak to you for a moment , tom ?
if the shop is closed today , i will try again tomorrow .
what did you think of the movie ? it was okay , i guess .
do you agree with what he says in the book ?
he made it known to his friends that he was unwilling to run for the election .
can a child of her age distinguish good from bad ?
maybe a few of them are good people , but the majority are scum .
this ticket entitles the bearer to one chocolate sundae .
i just want to let you know i will be late tomorrow morning .
i had an argument with tom about the use of marijuana .
i can usually tell when someone is hiding something .
he tried to pass himself off as a frenchman , but his accent gave him away .
it would be good to sleep , even for just a little bit .
additional imports of american beef are planned to meet rising demand .
he was nearly hit by the car while crossing the street .
you never can tell what you might find at that store .
yes , it is true , but he does not need to know that .
i never should have let tom eat so much candy .
i was thinking about going to that new place on park street .
tom did not expect to sell his old car for so much money .
japan has changed significantly in the past years .
world war one had ended just years earlier .
a lot of people are waiting to see what is going to happen .
did you have a favorite book as a child ?
you can take part in the meeting regardless of your age .
will you have a little time this weekend to help me with my french ?
tom paints easter eggs with his grandchildren every year .
are not you hot ? why do not you take off your sweater ?
while traveling in europe , i was pickpocketed on a train .
do you think it will be hard to do that ?
what are some good foods to eat with potatoes ?
he called in to say he could not attend the meeting .
the population of london is much greater than that of any other british city .
i felt my hands shaking and my heart beating fast .
which language do you use when you speak to your parents ?
the team played hard because the championship of the state was at stake .
it is true that she knows a lot about cooking , but she is not a good cook .
we must talk her out of this foolish plan .
there are some things that are difficult to translate .
he chose to live in tokyo instead of osaka .
i am going to explain all this in more detail later .
let us stop to think how much we depend upon atomic energy .
do you have pictures of your kids with you ?
i need you to show me what you have in your bag .
they have time to spend with their families or to enjoy their hobbies .
tom did not want his friends to see him cry .
it was a great tragedy for them to lose their only son .
do not count on him to lend you any money .
this was a bad week . my train was late two days in a row .
i never see this picture without thinking of my father .
it would take a long time to tell the whole story .
i do not understand what all of the fuss is about .
during my early teens , i was not always on the best of terms with my parents .
i just do not want your dog in my house .
you could have saved me a lot of trouble if you would told me about that earlier .
recently there have been a lot of protests in the city .
i always have a couple of beach towels in my car .
he went deaf as a result of an accident .
if you find a mistake , please leave a comment .
many native speakers of japanese have trouble hearing the difference between b and v .
can you think of any better way to do this ?
i know what it is like to be the new guy .
when i was a child , i used to go to the seashore every summer .
the girl wanted to tell him the truth , but she could not .
what are some foods you usually eat with soy sauce ?
can you tell me where the subway entrance is ?
our ancestors came to this country years ago .
the distance between stars is measured in light years .
tom thought it would be a good idea to leave early .
it takes about ten minutes to boil an egg .
she has had the same boyfriend since she was eighteen .
there are so many things i would like to do .
a bat flying in the sky looks like a butterfly .
can you tell me what you want to do ?
it would have been better if you had left it unsaid .
what you are doing is now far more dangerous than what tom did .
you do not know how bad i want to see you .
if the weather clears up , we will go for a walk in the forest .
how many girls do you have ? i only have one .
the local population earns income from fishing , raising livestock , and sales of handicrafts .
this is a little something i bought for you .
how do you think i can convince her to spend more time with me ?
she fell in love with him the first time she met him .
there is an urgent need for people to help clean up the environment .
after the earthquake , many people decided to sleep outside in tents .
in spite of the heavy traffic , we arrived on time .
i do not feel like going to the movies tonight .
i found it rather difficult to make myself understood .
it is stuffy in here . may i open a window ?
during the day , we work , and at night , we rest .
i should call the police and have you arrested .
not knowing what to do , i asked him for help .
he was in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast .
it is about time the government did something about pollution .
the tornado touched down two kilometers from my school .
instead of going to boston next summer , let s go to chicago .
tell tom that he needs to wear a tie tomorrow .
i want to see you in your office in half an hour .
everyone was glued to the tv set as the election results came in .
there was an old clunker parked just behind my new sports car .
they still have not found a buyer for that house .
let the tea steep for at least minutes .
i will have obtained a driver s license by the end of the year .
i have had a scratchy throat since this morning . i wonder if i have caught a cold .
a mortgage rate of six percent is becoming the current industry average .
i had broken my glasses , so that i could not see the blackboard .
fortunately , there are some techniques you can use to work around this issue .
she does not talk much , but once she does speak she is eloquent .
i believe it is my duty to protect these children .
it is rare for me to get invited to parties .
i knew that tom could not swim as well as i could .
the higher he rose in social rank , the more modest he became .
although it was still early , it was already hot outside .
when i have migraines , aspirin does not alleviate the pain for me .
they renewed their vows on their th wedding anniversary .
in case i cannot come , i will give you a call beforehand .
you do not want to incur the wrath of god .
i should not have drunk so much beer last night .
all i want now is a hot shower and a good night s sleep .
i know tom is a lot taller than mary .
my wife holds the purse strings in our family .
when i got to his house , he had already been taken away .
i searched for the meaning of this word in the dictionary .
she knows ten times as many english words as i do .
tom had better hurry or he will miss the bus .
having a small flashlight in your pocket may come in handy .
dr . yukawa played an important part in the scientific study .
tom is a smart child . he is the best student in his class .
i am surprised tom does not know how to speak french .
tom is a good friend of yours , is not he ?
i remember the year when he got a job .
tom carved his initials on the large oak tree in front of the school .
any man wearing a toupee fears a windy day .
when you are good enough to join the team , we will let you join .
the hunting dogs followed the scent of the fox .
i would really like to know why you did not do what i asked you to do .
they are not the kind of people you should want to be friends with .
i had a headache , and i took the day off today .
this is the most comfortable chair in our house .
the relationship between the two countries has waxed and waned over the years .
the girl had a long scarf around her neck .
have you ever seen a spider spinning its web ?
tom , i am in trouble . i need you to come get me .
this is the most comfortable chair i have ever sat in .
the committee can only act in an advisory capacity .
you do not have to speak so loudly . i can hear you very clearly .
i do not want to do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you .
the teacher caught the student cheating on the examination .
that tower you see over there is the eiffel tower .
an apple will float in water , a pear will not .
there should be a box of matches in the top drawer .
tom saves his pennies and puts them in a big jar .
it turns out that we did not need to do that anyway .
her office is on the other side of the street .
i can easily give up chocolate to lose weight .
i hope you had a good time at the party .
i wonder why some people think black cats are unlucky .
the chairman suggested that we should discuss the problem .
i would like to show tom what i bought today .
i always watch the weather report before going out in the morning .
fortunately , the shark bite did not hit any major arteries .
he can play the piano , the flute , the guitar , and so on .
your sister is lazier than all the other students .
it used to be that a girl could only marry if she had a dowry .
sometimes i have the impression that we will never come to an agreement .
there are only five minutes left till the train leaves and she has not appeared .
how many times a day do you drink water ?
have you been told why we did not hire you ?
just stick around a few days and you will come to love this place .
how long does it take to get to the stadium ?
every time i see this picture , i remember my father .
i just wanted some advice from someone who s already been to boston .
where is the ladies room ? i want to wash my hands .
we must make up for the loss in some way .
no matter what game he plays , he always wins .
some children resort to suicide in order to escape from unbearable pressure .
the bat was stolen yesterday , along with the balls .
he remembered that room , a very small room , was empty .
ebola is one of the most virulent viruses known to man .
it was determined that the plane crashed due to pilot error .
canada and mexico both share a border with the usa .
i have been drinking , so i cannot drive you home .
you cannot remember it and i will never forget it .
i had to walk here because my car broke down .
i will sweep the floor while you wash the dishes .
tom was not ready to accept mary s love or friendship .
you never told me that you did not know how to speak french .
i tried to do my homework , but i did not really know how to do it , so i gave up .
add a little more milk to my tea , please .
she advised him not to use too much salt .
i always have a good supply of tissues in my pockets .
i do not know why you want me to do that .
he must be very angry to say such a thing .
why is it so hard for you to be nice to your little brother ?
thomas jefferson left the white house in march of .
i now view life differently than i used to .
my coworker really knows how to suck up to the boss .
one thing i have always wanted to do is write a childrengs book .
he tied his dog up to the tree while he went into the store .
all that you have to do is to follow his advice .
mary slipped off her robe and got into the shower .
she is been living for the last five years under an assumed name .
the number of cases of whooping cough is on the rise in the last years .
he went up to her and they shook hands .
i thought i had the right to fire anyone i wanted to .
tell me what you eat , i will tell you what you are .
she calls him every night and talks for at least an hour .
i hope you are not planning to do that today .
how many times are you going to ask me that question ?
if it were not for the sun , there would be no life on the earth .
you are not expecting me to help you , are you ?
we will get a keg of beer for the party .
tom is in pretty good shape for his age .
i hate to run the risk , but i have no choice .
many foreigners come to japan for the purpose of studying japanese .
how long have you been living on this island ?
tom claims he does not watch much tv , but he watches more than three hours every day .
there are days when i really hate this job .
i was about to leave my house when she called .
tom opened the door and told mary john was not home .
i hate people who do that kind of thing .
the hurricane has already caused havoc in the caribbean .
i did not know whether i would be permitted to do that or not .
i made friends with her during my stay in london .
are you a cop ? no . why do you ask ?
they found a secluded beach where they spent the day .
it took us three weeks to build this shed .
tell us what you want and we will try to get it for you .
could you lend me some money until this weekend ?
it is just possible that he will eventually recover the use of his legs .
why are you studying english so hard ? to be an english teacher .
there are a lot of dogs here , are not there ?
this is the palace the king and queen live in .
do not you think i know what people say about me ?
we did not need to do that , but we did .
we do not want to leave the house before three .
would you mind if i swam in your pool ?
tom did not drink the milk mary poured for him .
the japanese eat rice at least once a day .
it is only a fifteen minute bus ride from here to the airport .
i need to do some shopping since christmas is coming soon .
they argue that the distribution of wealth should be equitable .
if it were not for music , the world would be a boring place .
i want to know more about your school life .
a man who wanted to see you came while you were out .
the child was afraid of being left alone in the dark .
i bet you are going to tell me you are too tired to help .
tom will eat onions if they have been cooked , but he does not eat raw onions .
as he gets older , he is getting more and more stubborn .
mary pretended she was sick to avoid going to school .
he does not seem to be heading for the town .
mary is going to open a gift from her boyfriend .
the fate of the hostages depends on the result of the negotiation .
he looked back at us many times and walked away .
have you left the state within the last days ?
he gave us not only clothes but some money .
i am going to take two days off next week .
doctors have made great strides in their fight against cancer .
we are going to his house . want to come with ?
the ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight .
if you feed your dog properly , you can increase his lifespan .
he studied the scientists considered to be the most significant of the th century .
she told me that her mother had bought it for her .
what are the chances that tom will actually get the job ?
i cannot tell you how much this means to me .
tom closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep .
my wife did not attend the party and neither did i .
tom said that he wanted to go visit santa claus at the north pole .
you have both been very impressive today . i am proud of you .
it is not uncommon for people to give fake personal information when registering to use websites .
if you do not study hard , you will continue to get poor scores .
the three boys had only two dollars among them .
tom said he would do that in a couple of days .
i would like to know how much the meal was because i would like to pay my half .
i want to go to sleep soon because i need to get up early tomorrow .
i have never seen so many good looking men in one place .
i was lucky that i got treated by a good doctor .
it was too windy to play in the park .
the mississippi river flows into the gulf of mexico .
i think he has enough intelligence to understand it .
it never occurred to me that i might be wrong .
do you have any idea how many people died when the titanic sunk ?
this car was so cheap that he could afford it .
when we are told not to come , we become all the more eager to go .
do not pretend you do not know what i am talking about .
i do not want to be late for class on the first day .
saying you cannot do the job because you are too busy is just a cop out .
you are the only person i know who can play the french horn .
in japan , you never have to go too far to find a convenience store .
she went to the hairdresser s to have her hair done .
this is a common mistake that tends to trip up beginners .
quito , ecuador , is a little south of the equator .
i am not used to staying up late at night .
i am going to get myself some coffee . do you want some ?
what is the weather like over there ? it is nice .
the suspect was hiding out in the mountains for three weeks .
i thought tom told you what you had to do .
when i use contacts , my eyes feel dry and become red .
nothing is more contemptible than respect that is based on fear .
i made an appointment to see the doctor at four o clock .
do not worry ! even if i drink , it does not have an effect on my driving .
it was hard for me to sell my guitar , but i needed the money .
i hope you have brains enough to see the difference .
our rent is four times as much as it was ten years ago .
while i was swimming , i got a cramp in my leg .
yesterday the unveiling of the founder s statue and the opening of the school building took place .
i felt it was necessary , so i did it .
you are just trying to shift blame away from yourself .
i gave him what little money i had with me .
the old man spent most of his time looking back on his youth .
we often hear it said that the japanese are good workers .
this is one of the most influential novels of the past years .
do not go near the bulldog . you would not want him to bite you .
when i woke up this morning , i felt sick .
she would just begun to read the book when someone knocked on the door .
there is no admission fee for children under five .
at the edge of the forest , i met a tall man in a hunting outfit .
the soldier refused to fire his rifle at the enemy .
i was in a better mood three hours ago .
i had to walk because there were no taxis .
i thought we could eat out on the patio .
is there anything special you want to do this weekend ?
she asked him if he knew my telephone number .
she told him a joke , but he did not laugh .
tom and mary have a cute little christmas tree inside their home .
how long does it take to your office from the airport ?
the ice is too thin to bear your weight .
i have met a lot of people who can do that .
you are the only person i know that never complains about the food here .
i have never witnessed so much debauchery in my entire life .
tom s parents got divorced when he was very young .
for the past years , i have fed my dog dry dog food .
when my uncle left for america , many people came to see him off at the airport .
did you know there s more than one way to do this ?
if your feet get wet , you will catch a cold .
the third quarter gnp growth was over the preceding quarter .
we have three adopted children . the younger two are biological brothers .
tom promised me he would be here by .
i am at the hospital . i got struck by lightning .
he says that he saw nothing . however , i do not believe what he says is the truth .
i knew all along that tom was not telling the truth .
you bought the food , so if i buy the wine that will even things up .
i promise i will pay you back the money i owe you before the end of the month .
tom said he saw something suspicious the morning mary died .
electronic components can be cleaned using pure isopropyl alcohol .
you need to decide what kind of person you want to be .
i did not say it was going to be easy .
i spent hours looking for the key that i had dropped .
i began to doubt the accuracy of his statement .
the union is pressing for a ten percent pay hike .
i shudder at the thought of what might happen .
you will strain your eyes trying to read in this light .
the next day , at suppertime , i was introduced to her husband .
i had no sooner left the house than it began to rain hard .
this old building is not worth fixing up . it would be better to tear it down .
apart from on rainy days , i always ride my bike to work .
i am just trying to stop you from making a big mistake .
it was raining heavily when i got up this morning .
i do not think it would work as well as you might expect .
i only have four toes on my left foot .
the castle is on the other side of the river .
you can see the colors of the spectrum in a rainbow .
it was a dreary day and tom did not feel like going out .
how long are you going to keep giving me the silent treatment ?
when you skateboard , it puts quite a strain on your knees .
i broke my leg and am walking on crutches .
i know it is tom who s knocking on the door .
he became so excited that what he said made no sense at all .
i wonder if you could do me a favor .
a person who will not read has no advantage over one who cannot read .
i think i ate a little too much today .
you will save time if you adopt this new procedure .
it is equivalent to sawing off the branch you are sitting on .
the mayor presented him with the key to the city .
tom did not have the courage to admit that he had made a mistake .
your ice cream will melt if you do not eat it quickly .
most of the melanesians living in papua new guinea have very curly hair , do not they ?
the children built a sand castle on the beach .
she was clever enough not to be deceived by him .
how can i upload a photo to your website ?
i would rather stay at home than go out on such a cold day .
he thinks that blue is the most beautiful color .
he stayed in bed because he was not feeling well .
you could have chosen an easier way to do that .
tom fell off the ladder when he was cleaning out his gutters .
this time , the same as always , i crammed at the last minute .
there is no sense in your worrying about your health so much .
i have been very busy since the new term started .
i do not want to waste time on this problem .
i would not want to get caught up in a situation like that .
all you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity .
you should have learned how to swim when you were young .
i spent two hours watching a baseball game on tv last night .
while we are waiting , why do not you tell me what happened ?
the statue of liberty is located in new york .
you should eat to live , not live to eat .
you had better make sure that he is at home before you call on him .
did you believe in santa claus when you were a child ?
he never opens his mouth without complaining about something .
the young girl wanted to be a star of the silver screen .
with more education , he would have found a better job .
do you know who is looking at that picture ?
making money is not the only goal in life .
i had to change clothes because what i was wearing was not appropriate for the situation .
i feel it is a tad risky to do that .
you can hear the news on the radio at nine o clock .
why did not you tell me you were allergic to peanuts ?
tom cannot tell the difference between expensive wine and cheap wine .
i do not know if today is monday or tuesday .
you have to break an egg to make an omelet .
if you come to my house , i will tell you the story in detail .
tom does not like women who wear way too much makeup .
she relied on the medicine as a last resort .
this mountain is covered with snow all year round .
i cannot see what the two of them are doing , but they are making a lot of noise .
i think it is about time we got down to brass tacks .
i folded my clothes and put them into my suitcase .
the doctor placed a stethoscope on the patient s chest .
dad , what are you going to get me for christmas ?
electric power companies are seeking to reduce their use of coal .
i do not know if he will visit us next sunday .
anything you could do in support of their effort would be very much appreciated .
i cannot help you if you do not trust me .
we do not have time to search every nook and cranny .
tom took mary in his arms and kissed her .
are you saying you do not want to be a teacher anymore ?
tom asked mary to do that , so you do not have to .
my dog follows me whenever i leave the room .
it is not possible to do two things at once .
i had never seen that kind of fish before .
my grandfather made the company what it is today .
the guitar is so expensive that i cannot afford it .
the party is to be held next sunday , weather permitting .
most of the time , he does not get to sleep before two or even three o clock in the morning .
i have to lose weight , so i am on a diet .
do you keep in contact with your high school classmates ?
i gave my permission for them to use my photo on their website .
it is going to take at least an hour to get there .
you can stay in the extra bedroom if you want .
let me hug you . i would like that a lot .
if it were not for your help , i might have failed .
the series of crimes were thought to have been committed by the same man .
this matter is not something we should be discussing here in public .
if you want to get elected , you are going to have to improve your public image .
our ancestors developed massive jaws as a result of constant combat .
i kept saying that i did not want to die .
i never want to see you get in trouble .
i was unwilling to agree to the proposal , but it seemed that i had no choice .
according to my accountant , this is not a good time to invest in the stock market .
tom is not the only one here who s a good singer .
i have a brother and a sister . my brother lives in tokyo and my sister lives in nagano .
if you want to succeed , you have to try harder .
that is your favorite kind of movie to watch with your children ?
as long as i know the money is safe , i will not worry about it .
i just wanted to say thank you for all your help .
i want to buy a really good smoke detector .
the train left before i arrived at the station .
what is tom doing here ? i thought he was in europe .
the monthly staff meeting is never held on monday .
taking everything into consideration , the result is better than i expected .
i gave some of my old clothes to the salvation army .
i want to get there early so we can get good seats .
just tell me the truth . i promise i will not get mad .
we all wanted to know why tom could not come .
i tried sitting on that chair , but it was wobbly .
the two men sitting on the bench were americans .
our school has a gym but not a swimming pool .
even though there was a no u turn sign , i made a u turn .
you might be the only one who can do that .
i do not remember the last time i enjoyed myself this much .
they heard a gun go off in the distance .
i almost did what you are accusing me of , but i did not .
it is rude to ask someone how much they earn .
i just want to know how far we are going .
i think you should stick to your training schedule .
you wanted me to get a job , so i did .
i thought i told you not to make trouble .
if people who smoke are deprived of their cigarettes , they get nervous and irritable .
he buttoned up his coat before walking out the door .
tom said he did not really know where to go .
i sat behind a very tall person at the theater .
it took me a couple of hours to solve this problem .
tom went to school to learn how to tune pianos .
she has been looking after her sick sister for ten years .
take your time . we have all afternoon to shop .
our task has been easy so far , but it will be difficult from now on .
tom is the only man in the world that is likely to break that record .
this sort of music is not my cup of tea .
we saw guards coming toward us , so we hid in the bushes .
all you have to do is ask him to pay the debt .
i chased the thief , but i was not able to catch him .
what would tom do if he ever learned the truth ?
this paragraph is well written , but there is a mistake in the last sentence .
when i was your age , i thought the same way as you about this issue .
he fumbled with the keys before finding the right one .
we go to the movies together once in a while .
i found the book at that bookstore by chance .
today , i watched a play written by a friend of mine .
tom does not seem to be aware of the problem .
you can stay here as long as you do not make any noise .
i do not know what they are saying , but i know that they are speaking french .
she did not say a word to me all night .
the identity of the boy who had been missing was verified by the clothes he was wearing .
papa made sure all the lights were turned off before going to bed .
the train was almost an hour behind schedule today .
can you help me paint my house ? sure . no problem .
tell tom i do not know where he parked his car .
the way tom drives , he is going to have an accident sooner or later .
tom saw a large rat run across the street .
you cannot learn a foreign language in just a couple of weeks .
that was such a good book that i read it three times .
it is stipulated that we should receive a month s vacation every year .
what on earth do you want six copies of the same book for ?
i hope to have my car paid off by next september .
japan has caught up with europe and america in medicine .
i am one of the thirty people who need to do that .
we need to get ready for the party . oh , was that tonight ?
she warned the children not to play on the street .
the youth was arrested for being involved in a riot .
he will never show it , but i think that deep down , he is seriously worried .
i do not want to make a big deal out of this .
a few years ago , in san francisco , a young woman came to us for vocational advice .
i am trying to find a lawyer to handle my case .
be careful not to drive on the wrong side of the road .
after using the knife , please be sure to put it back where it was .
in the united states , it takes a minimum of eight years of college to become a medical doctor .
the girl got distracted and lost sight of her parents .
those who have never tried sushi do not know what they are missing .
she said she was nurse , which was a lie .
how would you reword this sentence to make it sound more natural ?
i hear tom was the one who taught you how to play the cello .
tom asked me if he could watch tv with me .
mary came up to me when she saw me .
the sky grew darker and darker , and the wind blew harder and harder .
i hate the sound that cellophane makes when you crinkle it .
i have no idea what that guy is thinking .
did you see anybody else in the park that night ?
she seems to be nervous about her first class .
how long can you stand on one leg with your eyes closed ?
tom goes to the barber less than four times a year .
what would your mother think if she saw you like this ?
we will do whatever it takes to get that done .
how much did they give you for your old car ?
after some hesitation , he laid the book on the desk .
i cut up all but one of my credit cards .
the changes resulting from the womengs movement have affected both women and men .
was she a high school student ? yes , she was .
i do not remember the last time i climbed a tree .
new books are readily available from bookstores and online .
tom did not get paid as much as they told him they would pay him .
i think i am right , but i could be wrong .
would you like to go with me ? you bet !
he took a taxi in order not to miss the train .
mary told tom to go easy on the ice cream if he did not want to get fat .
i do not think he was being straight with me .
why is not there any wine left in the bottle ? did you kids drink it ?
at the sound of my voice , my dog pricked up his ears .
english is a universal language and is used all over the world .
when was the last time you brushed your teeth ?
i just heard that tom and mary are coming back to boston for christmas .
i am finally able to understand that is interesting about professional shogi .
mothers should keep their children from playing in the streets .
i think it is time for me to start cooking dinner .
if you go near a camel , you risk being bitten .
she talks as if she knew everything about it .
i have been riding so long i am starting to smell like my horse .
have you heard that a burglar broke into my neighbor s house ?
i have to go soon because i left the engine running .
do not worry . you will get used to it over time .
the coach gave his team a pep talk before the game started .
my father gave me a watch , but i lost it .
feeling tired after his walk in the country , he took a nap .
you could count to ten when you were two .
i am wondering what will happen if i push this button .
i had the same thing happen to me last month .
you can make your dream come true by working hard .
if you put more tea leaves into the pot , the tea will taste better .
i went to bed after preparing everything in advance .
tom came to boston hoping to find a job .
if my brother had not helped me , i would have drowned .
you must be careful when talking to a european .
in the automotive industry of the s , japan beat the u . s . at its own game .
tom did not even offer mary a cup of coffee .
it is perfectly natural for him to be proud of his son .
you will get half the money now , and the other half on completion of the job .
he studied hard in order to get into college .
there s hardly any hope that he will win the election .
years of running in marathons have taken a toll on my knees .
when do you watch tv ? i watch tv after dinner .
i am sorry that my friend is not here .
this will be one of the best memories of my life .
i tried to get up , but i fell down again .
i want that more than i have ever wanted anything in my life .
we know it was you that broke the window .
we should lay down a few ground rules before we begin .
one million people lost their lives in the war .
i could not get rid of my doubt about it .
he is a nice person , to be sure , but not very clever .
which do you like better , the sea or the mountains ?
the more worthless the plant , the more rapid and splendid is its growth .
i cannot wait for tom to come home so i can show him this .
i will buy that old clock no matter how expensive it is .
i have only had two boyfriends . oh , i have two boyfriends right now .
the firemengs face was grim when he came out of the burning house .
there was no one at all in the whole house .
the mosque was torched in the middle of the night .
she was advised by him not to borrow money from his friends .
in the southern region , sales were up percent .
you will have to wait at least an hour to get a ticket .
tom stayed in the shallow end of the pool .
i am probably not the only one that needs to do that .
of course you can trust me . have i ever given you a bum steer before ?
i got a message that you wanted to see me .
i finally found a pair of shoes that fit .
that is the fastest way to get there from here ?
all my friends like the same kind of music that i do .
did you find any dirt on him ? no , he is clean as a whistle .
it is a pity tom is not able to be with us today .
a dolphin is no more a fish than a dog is .
i think it is going to get steadily hotter from now .
there s a scratch here . could you give me a discount ?
we have been enjoying peace for more than years .
i do not know whether he is dead or alive .
he fashioned a walking stick from a fallen branch .
do you know of an apartment i can rent that allows pets ?
i need a vase to put these flowers in .
i got a puppy from my father for my birthday .
i never meant for things to happen the way they did .
do not come back until you have done what i have asked you to do .
i thought my eyes were playing tricks on me .
i am sitting in the sun , but i am still cold .
i get goose bumps when i see a horror movie .
his wife is worn out after looking after the children .
why do not you start by telling us what you saw ?
being aware of what and how much we eat is essential to good health .
he saved his friend at the risk of his own life .
tom pushed me into the pool , so i got out and pushed him in .
the results for the english exam this time were very good .
i do not think i could ever get used to this smell .
there was no sign of life in the house .
he lingered in the classroom after school was over .
when i go to see my grandson , i always give him something .
let s not forget we never could have done this without tom s help .
if possible , i would like to receive new information about this case .
if i have to , i will sell one of my cars .
she feeds her dog the same thing that she eats .
he was the first man to cross the pacific .
i am not going to send tom a christmas card .
tom tried to remember what mary had told him .
i wish i could take back what i said .
i ought to have consulted my parents on the matter .
i want you to tell me why you did that .
a month has passed and the work has made little progress .
i thought tom had enough money to live on .
i wonder why i feel so lonely when it gets cold .
tom said that he will not do that unless i help him .
i want to hear anything you have to say .
are you really going to let tom go there by himself ?
they put off their departure due to the heavy snow .
italy has some of the best art galleries in the world .
i hope you know the last thing i want to do is go there without your permission .
there is a fundamental difference between your opinion and mine .
you may eat anything as long as you do not eat too much .
not a day goes by without our hearing of an environmental problem .
she does not have any friends or relatives to take care of her .
he was proud that he was selected by the people .
at first , they were all convinced he was innocent .
tom slammed on the brakes so he would not hit the dog .
i told you his name was tom , did not i ?
efforts to bring the blaze under control using buckets soon failed .
you seem to want to take all the credit .
any apartment will do as long as the rent is reasonable .
you seem to want me to talk you out of doing that .
when the program finished , we switched the radio off .
break the eggs and separate the yolks and whites .
i think you should buy yourselves some new clothes .
it is not surprising that he was elected mayor .
i want you to tell me who gave you that .
tom rewrote his essay and turned it in a day late .
where is the boarding gate for japan airlines ?
tom does not know whether to turn left or right .
it was such a pleasant day that we went for a walk .
i felt a drop of rain on my head .
is it ok to eat this mushroom ? it is ok to eat anything once .
there are a lot of different people in europe .
my plan for the summer is to go to europe .
last summer , i worked part time on the farm .
management hid the true financial state of the company from the workers .
a captain is in charge of his ship and its crew .
do not you ever knock before you enter a room ?
am i really the only one here who does not understand french ?
which is the capital of the united states , washington or new york ?
tom took off his wedding ring and threw it into the pond .
it was at that very moment that the bomb went off .
i came near being drowned , trying to rescue a boy .
that kind of thing can happen when you are in a hurry .
it was because of the storm that the trains were halted .
going back to south africa had stirred up some painful memories for him .
no matter how hard he tried , my opinion did not change .
tom was the one who taught me how to milk a goat .
professional translators quite often specialize in just one field , for example law or medicine .
the date of the festival coincides with that of the exam .
tom asked me to do his homework for him .
are you sure you do not want to consider another option ?
japan is not what it was ten years ago .
i do not think tom would try to do that without our help .
i wonder if there really is a santa claus .
my cousin works in a shop near our home .
how long does it take to get to the station ?
i took my shoes off and threw them out the window .
she was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house .
i changed the arrangement of the furniture in my room .
i am looking for a part time job so i can buy a new video camera .
tom does not mind the cold , but mary cannot stand it .
the truck made a sharp turn to the left .
i think it is time for me to ask for her help .
i am sorry i am such a big disappointment to you .
tom did not really feel like going out drinking with the guys .
you are very fortunate that you have such friends .
i do not know what motivated me to come here .
i am going to wear these shoes on our date tonight .
it is wise to save money for a rainy day .
like all dogs , he will chase a rabbit if he sees one .
how many times a week do you eat out ?
it is not how much you know , but what you can do that counts .
i realize that you guys would not be here if you did not have to be .
do not act like you do not know what i am talking about .
i never for a moment imagined i would be able to afford to live in such a fancy house .
it looked like no one could stop president reagan .
it seems that something is wrong with this car .
we should be able to finish this in a day or two .
there s a rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy .
where were you ? i have been trying to reach you all day .
he does not care for any sport involving team work or quick responses to other players .
tom is the only one not invited to my party .
it took rei days to get over her injury .
you should consult a doctor if the symptoms get worse .
there was absolutely nothing you could do about it .
do you mind if i turn on the tv ?
we go to the theater on mondays or thursdays .
i will never forget all the help you have given me .
there used to be an art museum in this neighborhood .
since you have nothing to do with this matter , you do not have to worry .
the returning soldiers were commended for their bravery in battle .
tom does not want to take that kind of risk .
i was just about to go to bed when he phoned me .
stay out of this ! it is none of your business !
the united nations sent troops to intervene in the conflict .
she flatters herself by thinking that she is beautiful .
i think you already have enough money to buy what you need .
who s to say it is not that is supposed to happen ?
some of his students admired him , and others despised him .
i have not got the foggiest notion what you are talking about .
you will get plenty of chances to meet girls when you go to college .
i wanted to discuss this with you yesterday , but you did not seem to want to listen .
i have made a list of foods that i cannot eat .
you should have been more careful with your health .
how many times have you eaten here ? many , many times .
i was too embarrassed to look her in the eye .
through genetic engineering , corn can produce its own pesticides .
frederic chopin wrote his first composition when he was seven years old .
i want guards posted here and i want them here now .
a man i did not know was walking back and forth in front of my house .
i have decided to buy the blue car instead of the red one .
the secret of life is hanging around until you get used to it .
a little rest would do us a lot of good .
tell tom i will pick him up on the way .
everybody does stupid stuff like that in high school .
the doctor warned him of the dangers of smoking .
we will all be hungry , so be sure to bring enough food for everyone .
i am surprised you did not know tom could speak french .
i do not have a bicycle , let alone a car .
oh my gosh ! you are the last person i expected to meet in a situation like this .
why do not you meet me out front in a few minutes ?
now that you have finished your work , you are free to go home .
we will see what tom has to say about that .
tom , mary , john and i often play cards on monday .
do you want me to watch tom for you ?
prices are double what they were two years ago .
it is one of the biggest summer music festivals .
how many times a week do you eat rice ?
i think if i talked more often with a native speaker , my english skills would improve quickly .
i think it is time for me to make some new friends .
you will not believe who sat down next to me .
you must not be afraid of making mistakes when learning a language .
taken by surprise , i could not think of anything to say .
she stole a lot of money from him , so now she is in prison .
tom spends most of his spare time practicing the guitar .
i do not know why you want me to do this .
how much did you charge tom to fix his car ?
there must have been a tacit understanding between them .
many inmates on death row say they do not want to die .
schools are expected to meet the needs of every child , regardless of ability .
last week our fridge broke which forced us to eat lots of ice cream .
i asked tom how much he thought it would cost to get someone to paint our house .
i thought the little boy who was staring and pointing at the foreigner was very rude .
is it true that eating bread will make you fat ?
may i charge my cell phone somewhere around here ?
i have told you a thousand times not to do that .
he made it clear that he had nothing to do with the matter .
the girl was afraid to jump down from the roof .
she is fresh from college , so she has no experience .
i would like to explain everything , but i do not think we have enough time .
i will always remember the first time i saw tom .
how dare you talk that way in front of my wife !
the apples from the tree behind tom s house are very delicious .
my wife s hands are slightly smaller than the shop assistant s .
there are two slices of pizza for each person .
i will tell tom the truth when the time comes .
tom and mary just wanted to dance with each other all evening .
they set a new record for the longest kiss .
i hate to interrupt , but i need to say something .
how many different pieces are there in japanese chess ?
tom is the most intelligent guy i have ever met .
i laid down for a short nap and fell asleep for two hours .
cannot you see it is bigger than the both of us ?
the man who lives next door to me is a doctor .
i do not think i want to answer any more of your questions right now .
anyone can do it as long as they try .
the amazon is the second longest river in the world after the nile .
did you see the way tom was looking at you ?
i am afraid that i cannot allow you to do that .
it is difficult to teach people what they are unwilling to learn .
i have no more than one hundred yen with me .
she stood as close to him as she could .
would you like to take a walk with me ?
you told her that you had finished the work three days before .
she worships him and the ground he walks on .
this box is too heavy for me to carry .
he begged his father to buy him a bicycle .
i have the feeling you had something else in mind .
i will explain the situation to you later on .
everybody knows that he lost his leg in the war .
there s something i need to tell you before you leave .
the bullet penetrated his chest , leaving him in critical condition .
tom had bags under his eyes after several sleepless nights .
he told us he had gone through many hardships .
i often buy bread from the bakery next to the post office .
he did it the way i told him to .
can you do it in a week ? i think so .
she put her hands over her ears to shut out the noise .
i do not know why i thought it would be different this time .
you must do it even if you do not want to .
i told you i did not want to go to boston .
tom wanted mary to bring him a cup of coffee .
shall i have him call you when he gets back ? yes , please .
i left my wallet at home on that particular day .
i think tom will be delighted to see mary .
the fruit is similar to an orange in shape and to a pineapple in taste .
simmer the butter and garlic in a small saucepan .
i do not want to take that kind of risk .
kids wake up early in the morning to open their presents on christmas .
it was not possible for the boy to swim across the river .
we must work hard to make up for lost time .
how old were you when you moved to boston ?
i had my car filled up at the service station at the corner .
i am willing to pay you a lot of money to do that .
he is got what it takes to make it in the business world .
the readers cannot ascertain whether the news is true or not .
now that he is old , it is your duty to look after him .
i got shampoo in my eyes and it hurts .
you should visit kyoto , which is famous for its old temples and shrines .
i would rather not eat the meat from an animal that was cloned .
tom said that he wanted to be alone and then he went upstairs to his bedroom .
is it possible to determine the diameter from the circumference ?
you should assume that tom will not help us at all .
it rained so hard that we decided to visit him some other time .
what we ended up learning was that the meat had been contaminated .
give a thief enough rope and he will hang himself .
does everyone in sweden have blonde hair and blue eyes ?
it is my dream to have a son who will take over my business when i retire .
what kind of woman do you think i am ?
he asked the lady standing next to him some questions .
do you currently take any medication prescribed to you by a psychiatrist ?
she fell in love with him at first sight .
my father brags about never having had a traffic accident .
it cost me one thousand yen to get the bicycle fixed .
i have a boiled egg for breakfast every day .
the money you give them will be put to good use .
it is gravity that makes satellites move around the earth .
tom and his brother do not live in the same city .
each player on the team has his own bat .
i know that it is highly unlikely that anyone knows me .
this airplane is capable of carrying passengers at a time .
tom cannot be over thirty . he looks like he is about eighteen .
tom and mary want to know that is going on .
why are you up at this time of night ?
how long does it take to go from here to the hilton hotel ?
i give my mother fifty thousand yen on payday every month .
we need to find out who he is and who he is working for .
doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in medicine .
i want you to get a good night s rest .
my parents fought all the time when i was a kid .
lottery tickets are a waste of money . not if you win .
i wonder whether tom could help us solve this problem .
he described the accident in detail to the police .
do not speak to me about tom . we are on bad terms .
when i heard that song , it reminded me of my childhood .
i want you to take back what you said just now .
he has spent ten years in jail for murder .
she grabbed him by the hand and pulled him onto the boat .
the president is usually accompanied by his wife when he goes abroad .
strictly speaking , she did not like it at all , but she did not say a thing .
i wear my old coat in weather like this .
as a result of the war , many people died .
i do not have the faintest clue what this means .
there were only three presents under the christmas tree .
there are a lot of beautiful roses in our garden .
i think tom needs to be told not to do that .
i suppose that is why you do not like me so much .
you owe it to those who are dependent upon you to do this .
there is no feeling in my toes at all .
i do not have as much free time as you do .
this ship is too big to pass through the canal .
everywhere you look you can see damage caused by the earthquake .
he kicked his shoes off without untying them first .
you have done a wonderful job on the interior decoration .
i want each of you to take out a piece of paper and write down what happened .
if i had eaten more for lunch , i would not be hungry now .
we will have to consider each application on a case by case basis .
why do not you tell me something i do not know ?
did you climb trees when you were a child ?
tom did not pay me as much as he promised he would .
i never realized how awful living all alone could be .
what do you think tom would want you to do ?
there was something i needed to get at the supermarket , but i forgot to pick it up .
i cannot get this splinter out of my finger .
his health gradually changed for the better after he went to live in the countryside .
we sent you an email with an activation link .
i eat lunch here two or three times a week .
i wonder what tom would do in a situation like this .
get a job so you can support your wife and kids .
please tell the others everything you have just told me .
it is up to you whether to buy it or not .
the opening ceremony of the olympics has already begun .
all these books will be worth their weight in gold someday .
i think it is time for me to organize a party .
the ambulances carried the injured to the nearest hospital .
now that you are eighteen , you can get a driver s license .
the boys went downtown . is that where tom is ?
there s no need to hurry . we have plenty of time .
tom and mary kissed each other for the first time on christmas eve .
i do not know how i did it . that is important is that i did it .
i am sorry for not being more supportive when you needed me to be .
in order to stay awake , i may have to drink more coffee .
the locomotive was pulling a long line of freight cars .
when you are done with the book , put it back where you found it .
i thought you said you have seen tom do that .
better to be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion .
declarations of variables are extremely important in c and c .
is there any chance of my borrowing your typewriter ?
it looks like we are almost out of the woods .
she was busy knitting . in the meantime , he was taking a nap by the fire .
i spend a lot of time practicing the guitar .
you do not need to tell me your real name .
tom and i like the same kind of music .
when was the last time you squashed a spider ?
it was raining so hard that we decided to stay home .
we were caught in a shower while we were on a picnic .
what makes you think i want to spend christmas with tom ?
the mystery surrounding his death was played up by the media .
what i told you about him also holds good for his brother .
i have no idea what i should be doing .
he could not attend the meeting because he was sick .
you are the last person i expected to see here .
she had a good time talking with him about his trip .
my brother in law would like me to be his songs godfather .
i owe him a great deal because he saved my life .
you have got what it takes to do well in this job .
the most common name in the world is mohammed .
he may be clever , but he is not very helpful .
now that you know what the problem is , how long do you think it will take to fix it ?
the plane s doors were already closed when tom got to the gate .
my father banks part of his salary every week .
i suggest that your son come to our party .
i can spot a bleached blonde from a mile away .
i only asked if i could borrow the book .
cutting a cake into equal pieces is rather difficult .
i hate myself for not having the will power to quit eating junk food .
i wanted tom to come to boston for christmas .
becoming a father is not difficult , however , being a father is very difficult .
it is amazing that he won the championship at the age of nineteen .
who is the tall guy with long dark hair playing the guitar ?
he is considered the prime suspect by the police .
he makes it a rule never to speak ill of others .
did she buy a watch ? yes , she bought one .
sorry , but i want to tell her this news face to face .
i am not a teacher and do not want to become one .
we had to wait until she found a chair and sat down .
i understand it , but i still do not agree with it .
i have heard of him , but i do not know him personally .
tom usually has a glass of wine before dinner to whet his appetite .
do you get short of breath easily when walking ?
it was such a hard test that we did not have time to finish .
i went to sleep as soon as i got home .
i saw tom and mary talking to each other this morning .
she took her dog to the park before breakfast .
they are very proud of being students of that college .
he settled down in his armchair to listen to the music .
he said that he was going home the following day .
tom did the best he could , but he still was not able to pass the course .
i once knew a girl that snorted every time she laughed .
never rub your eyes when your hands are dirty .
i think it is unlikely that the next model will be any better than this one .
i was able to find the street , but i could not find her house .
how long do you plan to stay in this country ?
the wizened , old sorcerer took me under his wing and taught me everything he knew about magic .
he narrowly escaped from the bus when it caught fire .
tom is just a little bit shorter than me .
what activity do you spend most of your time doing ?
it is easier to spend a lot than to save a little .
i apologize for coming by at such a late hour .
who told you to write with your left hand ?
i am not going to help you if you do not want me to .
i know you have been waiting a long time , but could you wait just a little bit longer ?
did you get any sleep at all last night ?
she was ready to help him with cleaning the house .
tom is the same age as i am , is not he ?
the article on buddhism revived my interest in oriental religions .
i come into contact with all kinds of people in my work .
tom and his friends sat around the campfire and roasted marshmallows .
i withdrew some money from the bank for my trip .
i bought the least expensive pair of shoes in the store .
he was wearing a long black coat that reached almost to his ankles .
i will give a bunch of flowers to my girlfriend .
i usually use a credit card instead of cash .
i got tired of lying in bed all day .
a few days ago , you did not even want to talk to me .
i slept late and i missed the first train .
i think it is time for me to go back to work .
rome was the largest city in the world at the time .
tom put the first aid kit back where he found it .
stop worrying about that and focus on your work .
the cause of death seems to be a gunshot wound .
if you were more ambitious , you could go a long way .
i am not going to stay if you do not want me to .
i spend a few hours a day maintaining my website .
we have something very important that we have to discuss .
we all need to learn to deal with this situation .
he introduced me to his relatives at the reception .
i hate women who say that all men are alike .
when mary was a child , her family was very poor .
no matter how fast you run , you will not catch up with him .
she had no sooner seen me than she ran away .
it is impossible for me to do the work in a week .
the heavy snow prevented us from going to the concert .
parents must look after the well being of the their children .
i have about three times as many books as tom .
there must be a way to cross the river .
i have four computers , but two of them are so old i do not use them anymore .
if you want something done right , you have to do it yourself .
the point of play is that it has no point .
we need to work together to find a solution to our mutual problem .
we have not seen them for more than half an hour .
just looking at a picture of food makes me feel nauseous .
it seems like you are in a bad mood this morning .
my thirteen year old is going on her first date tomorrow .
i am not saying this just because i am your sister .
the store can supply us with anything we need .
he can speak both english and french very well .
oh , sorry , i did not know it was against the rules .
where else are you going to find a guitar of this quality for such a reasonable price ?
the first thing you have to take into consideration is time .
i am a little out of touch with new technology .
do you think you could help me do that ?
i had hardly gotten into bed when the telephone began to ring .
please promise me you will never lie to me again .
i cut the cloth with a pair of scissors .
after i finished my homework , i watched baseball on tv .
they sat on the bench , looking at the moon .
tom forgot to tell mary what needed to be done .
tom went into the kitchen to get some coffee .
i am sure you would have done the same for me .
if you ever come to town , come to see me .
the old are not always wiser than the young .
i bought a few eggs and a little milk .
i cannot figure out the answer to this problem .
that is the best thing you have ever gotten for christmas ?
i barely had time to finish this report before the meeting .
i think i could get used to living here .
the old lady met a lovely young girl in the park .
you do not have the qualifications to lead a group .
please take care of my dog while i am away .
it cost him ten dollars to get the ticket .
we must take care of our planet , the earth .
i want to have a proper house and garden .
these clothes are not appropriate for a cold winter day .
tom is likely going to be very hungry when he gets home .
i left home early so i would not miss the train .
a fund was launched to set up a monument in memory of the dead man .
oh , i have not decided what i am going to do yet .
the investment advice we used to give just does not apply anymore .
he will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law .
he has decided not to go to the meeting .
no one ate any of the cookies that i made .
i need to finish writing the article today , no matter what .
i do not have to apologize for what i said .
tom knew mary understood what they needed to do .
do you think tom will reach the top of the mountain ?
i will let you know in a day or so .
she went from place to place in search of him .
what we know of health we have learned from the study of disease .
the older guests must always be served first , and then the younger ones .
he left home early in the morning so he would not miss the train .
i hate it when people tell me what to do .
we were mesmerized by the pulsating glow of the embers .
if you want something done , ask a busy person to do it .
three months before tom was to graduate from college , he died .
would you kindly make room for this old woman ?
i had left the key in the office the day before .
there are a lot of abandoned houses in the neighborhood .
we think we have found a way to help you .
it looks like tom was able to get what he wanted .
there are plenty of fresh eggs on the table .
a lot of back problems can be attributed to poor sitting posture .
this company is listed on the paris stock exchange .
to be honest , it is hard to understand why you want to go .
do not lash out at me just because my brother treated you badly .
tom and mary bought their granddaughter a bike for christmas .
the man you met at the station is my father .
there has always been war and there always will be .
you did not seem to enjoy the concert very much .
if the university does not have enough students , the administration will cancel the class .
the nile river is the longest in the world .
i have been debating whether i should mention it or not .
the day will surely come when your dreams will come true .
getting up at six o clock is okay for me .
as is often the case with young men , he does not pay much attention to his health .
my uncle went to mexico in , never to come back .
tom was the only one who was nice to me .
i think we are the only people on this island .
in the cemetery , there is a statue of a snake biting its own tail .
she employed a private detective to keep a watch on her husband .
she did not succeed , but after all that was her first attempt .
i want to stop this rumor before it goes any further .
his father passed away last night in the hospital .
how many children do you have ? i only have one .
the stock market crash forced many retirees back into the job market .
germany did not want war with the united states .
i could have stayed a while longer , but i was getting tired , so i decided to leave .
he stayed home from school because he was not feeling well .
i think it was a mistake that you did not take my advice .
introducing democratic ideas into that country will be a slow process .
that is why some veterans never wanted to talk about the war .
despite all my efforts , i will not have the report ready by friday .
they regarded him as the best doctor in town .
she took over the business after the death of her husband .
i do not intend to get mixed up in your business .
please go with tom . what if we do not want to ?
i just found out that my boyfriend has been stepping out on me .
as soon as he went out of the house , it began to rain .
tom is one of the wealthiest men in the country .
what a shame to just endure life rather than enjoying it .
what do you like the most about your job ?
i was wondering if i could borrow your newspaper .
it is believed that whales have their own language .
according to the weather forecast , the rainy season will set in next week .
i hate it when there are a lot of people .
no sooner had she caught sight of me than she started running in my direction .
i do not have any more time to talk with you .
we all wondered why she had dumped such a nice man .
do you mind if i leave for a few minutes ?
tom does not want an ipad . he wants a portable device that supports flash .
tom was tasked with gathering wood for the fire .
a persongs face tells a great deal about his character .
i stayed in bed one more day just to be on the safe side .
i still do not understand what you want from me .
other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs .
many people do not know antibiotics are ineffective against viral diseases .
you should have known better than to go out in the rain without an umbrella .
he testified that no money changed hands at the meeting .
i cannot concentrate if you keep tapping me on the shoulder .
you and tom will have a lot to talk about .
a husband and wife promise always to love each other .
it will save time if we cut across the field .
i need a pencil . can i use one of yours ?
in spite of the fact that she was busy , she came to see me .
hikers need to carry a compass with them to find their way through the woods .
tom said good night to me and then left .
buildings are much stronger now than they used to be .
tom does not brush his teeth as often as he should .
as far as i know , she is a very good person .
a good teacher must be patient with his pupils .
the old man has lived here all his life .
you must be worn out after working all day .
population growth has given rise to serious social problems .
she asked me to look after her baby in her absence .
i hope you like what i made for you .
sit down on that chair and try to calm yourself .
i am sorry i was not able to see you when you came by today .
you should not have lent the money to such a person .
the population of germany is less than half that of the united states .
the family had a hard time after the war .
how do i know that you are telling the truth ?
i need time to mull things over before i decide what to do .
this is an express train . it will not make many stops .
do not you want to know why i did that ?
i found one of my shoes under my bed , but i cannot find the other one .
i do not know whether he will come by train or by car .
tom thought that mary wanted him to kiss her , but he was not sure , so he did not .
i think you are the woman i have been waiting for all my life .
the ship was searched thoroughly , but no illegal drugs were found .
i will need at least three days to translate that thesis .
after her husband s death , she brought up the two children all by herself .
show me what you have hidden behind your back .
it is not as easy to obey as it is to command .
tom asked me for more money than he really needed .
i know nothing about her except that she is a pianist .
i do not know yet , but i will find out soon enough .
can i borrow your pen for a few minutes ?
he believes that i can do things that i have never even thought of doing .
she is not from here . she was born in another country .
a glass of cold water is very refreshing in hot weather .
we do not have a parking lot , but you can park on the street .
everyone in the room checked their watches at the same time .
he is now almost as tall as his father .
that car dealership has a reputation for selling lemons .
he tried harder to get good marks than i did .
i would love to come with you all , but i do not have any money .
it took me three hours to write the letter .
why does it take them so long to set up my internet connection ?
i am on my way to the meeting right now .
it is time for us to do something about that .
mary looks like her mother , but her personality is different .
i often use ssh to access my computers remotely .
they hoped to sell the stocks at even higher prices .
he was unable to completely give up on his hopes of marrying her .
i think we should be allowed to go anywhere we want .
i have not been back here since that unfortunate incident .
i want to know how he manages to make such good use of his time .
excuse me for interrupting you , but would you mind opening the window ?
a good question is already half of the answer .
we cannot live without water for even one day .
how did you know tom would not show up on time ?
in all likelihood , the president will serve a second term .
she needed some money to buy something to feed her dog .
if you leave right now , you will be in time for the plane for sure .
you look a little young to be a teacher .
the first step in mastering your emotions is mastering the skill of interoception .
i should not have walked home late at night by myself .
nobody wants to be the first one to jump into the pool .
i never for a moment imagined that my blog would become so popular .
the cold war ended when the soviet union collapsed .
it took me more than a week to put the model ship together .
i do not remember ever seeing one of these before .
tom s book about his life with mary sold like hot cakes .
i heard tom say he needed to find mary .
it goes without saying that honesty is the key to success .
do you think tom will be able to teach mary how to do that ?
i want you to tell tom that i love him .
do you mind if i sit next to you ?
you are not allowed here . this is private property .
i never got good grades in junior high school .
i have never seen so many trees in my life .
do not be shy . your pronunciation is more or less correct .
the last time tom talked to me was the day before yesterday .
i did not really want to leave the party early , but i had to go home to help my wife .
i am not sure why tom did not want to meet mary .
she had good reason to file for a divorce .
do you still want me to give tom your old computer ?
that doctor s experiments have blazed the way for new discoveries .
it goes without saying that nobody can come between us .
we have a new puppy . he is about weeks old .
the girl wearing the blue coat is my daughter .
no other student in the class is as brilliant as he is .
spending time with your family should be your priority .
who was the woman you were with the other day ?
is it possible to land a plane on this island ?
piercings can be a form of rebellion for teenagers .
tom is not well enough to go to work today .
i was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang .
you know this is not the way we should be doing this .
fruits and vegetables are essential to a balanced diet .
i was going to buy a new table , but my husband fixed the broken leg .
the bank reassured us that our money was safe .
tom looked very tired when i saw him yesterday .
you say you want to go to boston ? why in the world would you want to go there ?
i do not yet know how much money we are going to need .
there s a pair of scissors in the top drawer .
you look like you have just lost your best friend .
i can read german , but i cannot speak it .
you do not need to thank me . i am here to serve you .
you cannot fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude .
it was foolish of him to do such a thing .
tom could not help but notice all the beautiful women on the beach .
they thought it would be too expensive to build a factory here .
last night , we looked at the stars from the rooftop .
i do not want to deal with this problem now .
she advised him not to drive too fast , but he would not listen to her .
we do not have as much in common as i thought we did .
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same thing .
one morning , she unexpectedly met him on the street .
people of my generation all think the same way about this .
i do not know whether to turn left or right .
tom and mary bought john a bike for christmas .
she blames me for the fact that our married life is not going well .
with the benefit of hindsight , we can see things which should have been done differently , or not at all .
i do not like fish very much and hardly ever eat it .
i do not think tom knows i hardly ever do that .
he says that he has no memory of the evening .
we got stuck in a traffic jam , which made us twenty minutes late .
you have no right to tell me what to do .
if he would taken his doctor s advice , he might not have died .
he kept his sense of humor until the day he died .
this is the best indian restaurant that i have ever eaten at .
i feel the same way about it as you do .
please take off all of your clothes from the waist up .
if you dress like that at your age , you will make a fool of yourself .
i need to find a better job on the double to pay my bills .
it is true that she teaches french at school .
my school is getting ready for the campus music festival .
i have two dogs . one is white and the other black .
as a writer , she does not fit into any of the traditional categories .
i wish my french was as good as your english .
according to tv news , there was a plane crash in india .
there is a little wine left in the bottom of the glass .
the employees were intrigued by the odd behavior of their boss .
the internet is now something we cannot live without .
if you are going to apologize , you should do it right away .
to get to the museum , you need to take that bus .
just throw your bicycle in the back of the truck and i will drive you home .
there is a lot of pressure on women to be thin .
instead of fixing the problem , the company fired the whistle blower .
i cannot concentrate on my work because of the noise .
when the bomb exploded , i happened to be there .
i do not want to go , and besides it is too late .
i think you are the most beautiful girl i have ever seen .
this is the first time i have ever written a letter in french .
i have never met a musician that i did not like .
in november , olives are harvested from the trees to make oil .
it is probable that she will win the speech contest .
i have an ever growing list of to do items .
it is a hassle trying to decide what to wear to the party .
we took up that problem at the last meeting .
this never would have happened if you would done it the way i told you to do it .
i never wrote to her , despite the urge to do so .
the telephone is among the inventions attributed to alexander graham bell .
i know you see it , but are you really looking at it ?
i think he is the greatest artist of the time .
most shops near the school are closed on saturdays now .
you are going to turn a lot of heads with that dress .
itunes has turned out to be a real cash cow for apple .
they asked a lot of questions about my past experience .
i love her so much that i cannot leave her .
he does not need a wife to look after him .
did not you tell me yesterday that you would not be late today ?
there was only one other person on the platform .
when was the last time you traveled by train ?
you must concentrate your attention on what you are doing .
it looks like yokkungs dad ran off with his nursery school teacher .
gas cookers consume half the amount of energy as electric cookers .
i think it is time for me to talk to the boss about this problem .
trees are habitats for animals , such as squirrels and birds .
you should not despise a man just because he is poorly paid .
excuse me , but would you please open the window ?
do you want me to come cook you something ?
a rush hour traffic jam delayed my arrival by two hours .
they knocked on the door and said they had come to arrest him .
a wisp of hair fell over his left eye .
all of the children had gone to bed before it got dark .
i do not think i have heard that word in a long time .
the doors would not open , so i had to get in through the trunk .
in what country did you receive your immunizations as a child ?
no one found any reason to criticize his actions .
we could have our tea in the garden , were it a little warmer .
she told me which clothes would be good to wear .
a mangs worth lies not in what he has but in what he is .
i am not the same guy i used to be .
we spent a lot of time looking for a parking lot .
someday she will have to pay for what she is done .
you need to set the record straight once and for all .
i went out for a beer with my friends .
he attempted to climb the fence to no avail .
i cannot count the number of times tom has complained about that .
never tell the truth when a lie will do .
he used all his strength to crawl out of the wrecked car .
if you do not study harder , you will fail for sure .
the child was told to apologize for being rude to the guests .
would you please allow me to treat you to dinner next week ?
this tie is not suitable for a situation like this .
i am sure my parents will not let me go by myself .
if you do not have this book , you can buy it .
i wake up at half past six in the morning .
tom made a list of songs he does not like .
i do not want to go anywhere today . it is cold outside and i have to get up early tomorrow .
a fire broke out at the inn where they were staying .
if you keep harping on his flaws , he will grow to resent you .
the prime minister s speech was calculated to anger the opposition parties .
i have a few things to finish up before i go home .
i think i still have time for another cup of coffee .
what were you just doing ? i was talking to tom .
that he is a genius is clear to everyone .
every day i waited for her at the bookstore after school .
ninety five percent of orphans are older than years old .
i would rather go to the art museum than to the movie theater .
when the desire for leisure is stronger than the other urges , leisure wins .
please do not forget to turn off the light before you go to bed .
i usually do not have time to eat a large lunch .
tom fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow .
there are a lot of tall trees in the park .
there are always so many unwanted gifts in the house after christmas .
they should go , regardless of whether they are men or women .
an year old male is in hospital after an altercation at a party last night .
if you pass this test , you could graduate next month .
tom got a new job . what kind of job ?
not knowing what to do , i asked for help .
the christmas party will not be the same this year without tom .
the friend who i thought would pass the exam failed it .
this is considered to be a matter of great importance .
i cannot live on ten thousand yen a month .
in japan people come of age when they are years old .
you should make sure that you have enough money in your pocket to pay for the ticket .
the old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket .
i will be grateful to you if you can do that for me .
mary claimed that the handbag had been a present from her husband .
i just want a little more variety in my life .
the fact that he did not accept any money shows that he is an honest man .
i am sorry to hear that your father passed away .
all you have to do is push this button .
not only did he teach school , but he wrote novels .
i am too tired to deal with this problem right now .
i drink three or four cups of coffee a day .
as far as i know , tom is still married .
your assumption that his death was an accident seems to be wrong .
a silhouette of a girl appeared on the curtain .
i guess our job is not to let that happen .
can you tell me how to get to the station ?
the rise in house prices enabled him to sell his house at a big profit .
tom is in his room , writing a letter to his grandmother .
i have not had a chance to see that movie .
tom did not tell me you were going to the meeting mary and john are going to .
i will not be able to open the box without breaking it .
a monument was erected in memory of the deceased .
tom is flying back to boston on october th .
i am one of the thirty people who were asked to do that .
i would been on my own all week and was starving for conversation .
my wife showed excellent taste in decorating the room .
australia is one of the countries i want to visit before i die .
if you do not know anything about computers , you are really behind the times .
she visited the old man in the hospital every day but sunday .
tom said that someone named mary wanted to see me .
if you push this button , the door will open .
i would like to know a little bit more about you .
he received a telegram saying that his mother had died .
i do not think i can help you very much .
he asked his wife if she was coming with him .
would you mind blowing these balloons up for me ?
he had to leave the city , so he moved to berlin .
i am sorry , but i cannot lend you my car next weekend .
there are a number of nice restaurants near here .
great news ! my dad was finally discharged from the hospital today .
i know tom told mary not to do that .
some people think that advertising is a form of brainwashing .
pets are not allowed in the apartment building where i live .
oh , i am sorry . i guess i have the wrong number .
how long do you think the jury will take before they reach a verdict ?
i do not think we should do that until next month .
i bought every book on japan i could find .
he cried as if he were a boy of six .
i am pretty sure i am going to need some help .
i think this is the only way to get rid of cockroaches .
do you ever think before you open your big mouth ?
i have heard that you can kill werewolves by shooting them with silver bullets .
why do i have to go to my room ?
have you ever been a witness in a court case ?
a rabbit has long ears and a short tail .
i did the job to the best of my ability .
tom and mary have decided to get married in october .
i put an advertisement in the newspaper saying my house was for sale .
i do not believe in astrology , but that does not mean that i do not read my horoscope .
have you heard from the rest of the team ?
tom does not really want to go swimming with us .
if anyone calls me up while i am away , tell them i will be back by five .
the buildings were damaged by the storm last night .
is this the first time you have had this kind of problem ?
i think it is strange that no one is on the street this time of the day .
when i was years old , i thought that when i would be , my life would be cool .
he put on sunglasses to protect his eyes from ultraviolet rays .
i got it through my head that my parent s strict rules were for my own benefit .
i go to the museum whenever i get the chance .
he was so tired that he could hardly stand .
you must not lose sight of your goal in life .
she managed to learn how to drive a car .
one thing you should know about me is that i am a little overweight .
yesterday my bicycle was stolen while i was doing some shopping .
tom is out in the yard , playing with our dog .
he anonymously donated a large sum of money to the red cross .
be sure to put out the fire before you leave .
i remember the event as vividly as if it were just yesterday .
by what authority do you order me to do this ?
i think that japan is a very safe country .
it is regrettable that i cannot go with you .
i think the prices in this store are way too high .
take your umbrella with you in case it rains .
every day i either ride a bike or get the bus to work .
i saw a white dog jump over the fence .
i did everything in my power to protect her from you .
who told you that tom and i are dating ?
logic is the beginning of wisdom , not the end .
i plan to study this afternoon after i get home .
we talked in low voices so we would not wake the baby .
we could meet downtown . would that be convenient for you ?
do not make any noise or you will scare the birds away .
i do not feel like taking my dog for a walk this morning .
i cannot do it alone . i need your help .
you cannot get a job here without a work permit .
i do not want to buy it if i do not need it .
he can bend an iron rod with his hands .
tom wanted mary to tell him about her childhood .
through his own efforts and a bit of luck , he won first prize in the contest .
she tried to comfort him , but he kept crying .
please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail .
i was bitten by a lot of insects in the forest .
he leaned over her and said , no , i am not lying .
do not cross the road when the signal is red .
there is a crowd of people on the street .
i do not want to stick my nose in your business .
tom gave mary a box of chocolates , and then ate all the chocolates himself .
i was not ready for what was about to happen .
i live near the sea , so i often go to the beach .
sir , we need to stabilize your fracture before transferring you to the stretcher .
man needs two years to learn to talk and sixty years to learn how to shut up .
the child was rushed to the hospital after swallowing a crayon .
what has become of the book i put here a few minutes ago ?
i want you to say you are not going back to boston .
i do not know what you are cooking , but it smells really good .
i have no idea what i am going to wear .
someone named tom stopped by this afternoon and gave me this package for you .
i awoke to find a bird in my room .
i was able to find the book i was looking for .
iran is the eighteenth largest country in the world .
she is not the kind of girl you think she is .
she knelt beside him and asked him what his name was .
tom does not know if mary will go with him tomorrow or not .
what makes you think that tom will listen to me ?
a girl gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake .
tom started screaming at me for no reason at all .
i have been learning how to write kanji with a brush .
i do not understand what the author is trying to say .
were you going to the train station when i saw you ?
just between ourselves , i do not think he is going to succeed .
i did not expect to see you at a place like this .
we missed you very much at the party yesterday .
my parents never let me go to my friends houses .
i went to vienna for the first time last year .
excuse me , but do you mind if i ask your name ?
tsunamis swept through rice fields and flooded the towns .
i really have to think about this a bit more .
would you mind telling me where you got this ?
each of them has to write a report about what he saw .
according to legend , ghosts would appear in that forest , so people would not set foot there .
we hid behind a bush so that no one would see us .
it is hard to tell you and your brother apart .
if you do not want to miss the train , you would better hurry .
he apologized to us for having broken his promise .
it is true that he is young , but he is wise .
she was always trying to provoke me into saying something i would regret later .
i have to take the book back to the library today .
it is in times like these that the character of a person becomes apparent .
he memorized that poem when he was five years old .
may i exchange this shirt for a smaller size ?
it is not known when he came up to london .
since the industrial revolution , the world population has more than tripled .
tom likes to work in the garden before going to work .
i have not eaten any meat since i was fifteen years old .
the fact that a man lives on the same street with me does not mean he is my friend .
he has been sick in bed for a week .
she was born with a silver spoon in her mouth .
i have not been to a concert in a while .
it is important that you attach your photo to the application form .
the ship s captain ordered the radio operator to send a distress signal .
what will it take to get you to vote for me ?
have you been told where the meeting will be ?
i cannot believe your mom made you wear that .
i do not get the meaning of all of this .
if that is what you want to do , i will help you do it .
i think it is not going to be that hard .
he was never to see his wife and family again .
experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes .
i do not get paid as much as i would like .
if you want to make sure that tom understands you , you should speak to him in french .
my sister belonged to the basketball club last year .
if he had been a little more careful , the accident would have been avoided .
swallowing and throat clearing can be a sign that someone is lying .
i do not know how we are going to do that .
can we go to the lake and watch the sunrise ?
dad ! mom ! i have some great news for you !
you might as well throw your money away as spend it on gambling .
the plane was delayed for two hours on account of the bad weather .
tom poured some milk in a bowl for his cats .
i do not know the woman who s talking to our teacher .
as soon as i got home , i went to bed .
i have a huge amount of clothes in my closet .
if by some chance it rains , the garden party will not take place .
the village in which he was born is far from here .
surrounded by the sea , japan has a mild climate .
she asked him where he lived , but he was too smart to tell her .
tom asked mary when the last time she had bought a book was .
i go to the library from time to time .
i am sorry , i do not let in people i do not know .
i discouraged him from going swimming since it looked like it was going to rain .
tom already owns more cars than he will ever use .
get off at the next stop and take a bus headed to the airport .
i do not want you to tell this to anybody .
why do i get the feeling you do not like tom very much ?
how many christmas cards did you get last year ?
he is too short to get at the book on the shelf .
i have not eaten any seafood since the recent oil spill .
there s been a significant development in the case of the missing toddler .
i have to do something before it is too late .
do you mind if i open the window and let the smoke out ?
i never for a moment imagined that i would be able to meet so many famous people .
i missed the last bus and had to walk home in the rain .
i am going to prepare for the final exams this afternoon .
i am looking for my shoes . have you seen them ?
his name is known to everybody in this country .
i am no longer young , but i can still bite .
a few years ago , there was a huge scandal .
there are many jobs available in the computer industry .
i told my mom i was gay and it did not faze her at all .
there is an urgent need for improved living conditions .
she helped him tie his tie because he did not know how to .
he is not always in the office in the morning .
it is not my intent to hurt you in any way .
i have kind of gotten used to living in a tent .
i did not want tom to think i was stupid .
i am of the opinion that this is the way to do it .
once upon a time , there was a pretty little house way out in the country .
my sister dressed herself for the party in a hurry .
this bridge has become a meeting place for young people .
you will never get far without the co operation , confidence and comradeship of other men and women .
the man at the door did not tell me his name .
do what you can , with what you have , where you are .
he frequently jumps from one topic to another while he is talking .
he suggested that i accompany him to the party .
i am not sure yet if i will go to a university or get a job .
tom has been living in boston since he graduated from college .
no matter what you say , i will not change my mind .
many health specialists say that you should eat three meals a day .
i could not find the page i was looking for .
his niece is attractive and mature for her age .
i have often heard it said that honesty is the best policy .
may i ask you to help me with something ?
you are not likely to find that word in a dictionary that is this small .
he gets really testy when he does not get his way .
i am not as stupid as you think i am .
he rushed into the room with his coat on .
i had a crush on you when we were in high school .
i would like my breakfast in my room at eight o clock sharp .
i am sorry , but i cannot put it into words .
i may be the only person who knows how to do that .
last night there was still snow on the ground , but this morning it is all melted .
not knowing what to do , i asked for his advice .
the unemployment rate in japan was . percent in september of .
i wanted to know why you did not come yesterday .
what would you buy if you won the lottery ?
no matter what i try , i cannot seem to give up smoking .
providing energy to the poor without destroying the planet any further is this century s biggest challenge .
the last three weeks have been really hard for me .
i would like to help , but i have got an important meeting to attend .
the job comes with a lot of fringe benefits .
louis pasteur discovered that germs cause most infectious diseases .
i have something interesting to tell you that you might find surprising .
every time i see you , i think of your mother .
you have to be here at tomorrow afternoon .
there are times when i would like to be more like you .
chicken eggs are richer in vitamin a than quail eggs .
do not worry . i told you everything would be ok .
you do not know what it is like to not have enough to eat .
while i was waiting for the bus , i witnessed a traffic accident .
you gave tom the money he asked for , did not you ?
this old car is yours if you want it .
would you please speak a little bit more slowly ?
they usually go to school from monday to friday .
it was the increase in population that caused the poverty .
do you think it is dangerous to eat genetically modified food ?
it occurred to him that he should start at once .
first of all , may i have your name , please ?
he is taller than any other boy in his class .
if you run into trouble , i will help , and so will my father .
the new road will benefit the people living in the hills .
i will demonstrate it with the help of some concrete examples .
when we started out , we did not really know what we were doing .
could you tell me how to get to park street ?
please tell me which bus to take to go downtown .
he caught hold of a rope and saved himself .
if there s something bothering you , we can talk about it .
is he going to swim tomorrow ? yes , he is .
tom will not let mary do anything she wants to do .
i cannot keep my coat on in this heat .
the doctor thought that the patient s pulse was a little fast .
i just want to crawl into a hole and die .
in case the shipment is delayed , we have special delay insurance .
it is useless to try to persuade him to agree .
tom has been talking on the phone for an hour .
i tried in vain to persuade him not to smoke any more .
are tom and mary dating ? no , they are just good friends .
tell me if you are going to give it to him or not .
carbon dating was performed on the sample to determine its age .
i will pay you back the money i owe you next week .
if you have any doubts , let me know without any hesitation .
i think it is dangerous to swim in this lake .
could you give me the name and phone number of a doctor ?
all of your accusations are without foundation . she is innocent and we are going to prove it .
he will have many hardships to go through in the future .
the problem is not what he said , but how he said it .
i waited half an hour for my friend , but he did not turn up .
tom does not know the difference between a mule and a donkey .
since he does not feel well today , he cannot come to the office .
i was here at sharp , but you were not .
the old fellow is as healthy and as strong as an oak .
these grapes are so sour that i cannot eat them .
i bought this book for myself , not for my wife .
tennis is difficult . i never know which way the ball is going to fly .
he is furious at what they have done to him .
some students seem to have forgotten to do their homework .
the doctor advised him to stop working too much .
i cannot understand why tom refused to help us .
it is about ten minutes walk to the station .
that is something we should probably take care of right away .
some of them are healthy , but others are not .
i would be lying if i said i did not like tom .
i will help you within the limits of my ability .
last year , the company was sold to private investors .
i want you to help me find out who stole my car .
it is strange that you should know nothing about the matter .
the official dinner took place at the white house .
she spends more time thinking about work than doing it .
can you remember the first word you learned in english ?
when will you be back ? it all depends on the weather .
i think it would be better if you did not sing .
tom was arrested as a suspect in a criminal case .
i took a bus so i would not be late for my appointment .
you have excellent vision . why are you wearing glasses ?
it seems like we just keep going around in circles , doing the same old thing .
i just got out of prison three months ago .
we looked out of the window , but saw nothing .
if a burglar came into my room , i would throw something at him .
the world population grows by close to eight million per year .
when my mom finds out , she will not be happy .
i have to leave early today because i have to attend a funeral .
spend your time wisely and you will always have enough of it .
i have a son and a daughter . the one is in new york , and the other in london .
i keep saying that i am innocent , but no one will listen .
i do not need to know why tom wants to do that .
governments usually resort to price control when inflation has reached a certain level .
the sound of a gunshot echoed across the canyon .
instead of eating vegetables , he puts them in a blender and drinks them .
i want you to tell me how to do this .
we now know that the testimony he gave was coerced .
we have lost a battle , but we will win the war .
he stayed at home all day instead of going out .
you are the only person i know that likes getting up early in the morning .
tom , mary and john were each given three hundred dollars .
go straight until you see the post office , then turn right .
tom was wearing an orange jumpsuit and his hands were cuffed in front of him .
i cannot do anything until this project is done .
what kind of food do you eat on christmas day ?
life is what happens to us while we are making other plans .
he is usually straightforward and sincere and thereby gains the confidence of those who meet him .
after the war , he managed to escape to south america .
i had a few hours free , so i sat under a tree and read a book .
i thought it was a good idea at the time .
do you think you could teach me to play the bagpipes ?
it was not easy for us to find his house .
the number is , but i do not know the area code .
what is your relationship to him ? i am his father .
he comes every day to visit his sick friend .
why do not we take him a bottle of wine ?
i have kept my weight down even though many of my friends have gained weight as they have grown older .
you can adjust the seat height by moving the adjustment lever up .
if you push the button , the curtains will open automatically .
if you do not want to talk to me , you do not have to .
the authorities are striving in vain to stabilize the currency .
i would be glad to tell tom how to do that .
you do not understand how worried i was about you .
i have no desire to understand what goes on in your head .
i do not want to do anything that might be dangerous .
if only i had a pretty dress like that !
i heard voices on the other side of the door .
three quarters of the country s inhabitants live below the official poverty level .
i have to stay at a hotel near the airport tonight .
i think i can reach the branch if you will give me a boost .
he entered the democratic party but soon left it .
he called on state troops to end the strike .
if you really want to know , all you have to do is ask .
i thought we had eaten everything in the house , but i found another box of crackers .
can you briefly sum up what was said at the meeting ?
i was disappointed to see that my bonus was a bit less than i was expecting .
i wonder how many people in australia can speak french .
i do hope you enjoy the rest of your day .
tom did not get a chance to thank mary for all her help .
tom would have called mary if he would had her phone number .
tom s goal is to own a home before he is thirty .
my brain says yes , but my gut says no .
i am afraid we cannot rule out the possibility that she may have the disease .
we will ship the product immediately after receiving your order .
what can i do to help you right now ?
i am going to go to the kitchen to grab something to eat .
nobody will say it so bluntly , but that is the gist of it .
i have never used a hacksaw before . could you show me how ?
having failed twice yesterday , he does not want to try again .
i am surprised to see you smoking . you did not use to .
someone famous said that imagination is more important than intelligence .
i just want to make sure it is not poison .
she could not convince him to buy her a new car .
nothing is as difficult as coming up with a simple explanation for something difficult .
if you have been drinking , perhaps your spouse can drive you home .
how many students have been admitted to the school this year ?
i do not know how much those two bikes cost .
has anyone ever told you you have got serious trust issues ?
i would like to help tom , but i do not know how .
we ate lunch together and then we chatted for an hour .
smartphones would have seemed like science fiction ten years ago .
i cannot decide whether to do that or not .
i must have tried on everything in the shop , but nothing looked right on me .
children need many things , but above all they need love .
tom does not know how to start a lawn mower .
a truck stopped crosswise in the middle of the road .
faith is taking the first step , even when you do not see the whole staircase .
now , i can cross that off my bucket list .
that is not something i want to think about right now .
he has been sick in bed this past week .
you will do it whether you like it or not .
photography is now considered a new form of art .
it is only over if you let it be over .
you know i cannot wait for you if you are late .
at any rate , he was satisfied with the results .
i plan to finish it in two or three minutes .
prizes will be awarded at the end of the contest .
you could do it if you really wanted to .
it is gotten dark . please turn on the light for me .
we ran out of gas in the middle of the intersection .
it is no wonder that she did not want to go .
how many different kinds of pizzas are on the menu ?
i was unable to write down the number of the car .
the tornado left a trail of destruction in its wake .
children depend on their parents for food , clothing and shelter .
if it were not for music , the world would be a dull place .
i cannot see the stage well from this seat .
tom disobeyed a direct order from a superior officer .
it was impossible for the boy to swim across that river .
tom cannot say for sure when mary will arrive .
if you calculate the electric field using this equation , the result comes out like the following .
she had her heavy suitcase carried by the porter .
that took much more time than i thought it would .
tom may be old , but he is in good shape .
i do not know if this is the right thing to do or not .
what i am about to say is strictly between you and me .
i tried flying from the top of the tree .
one of the items on your wish list is on sale .
does the applicant have suitable abilities to carry out the job ?
we got up early so that we could see the sunrise .
the boy who had been missing was identified by his clothes .
mary looked through her closet trying to find something suitable to wear .
i feel a lot better now , but i know dad s going to be real upset .
i cannot ask you to take that sort of risk .
he is the greatest scientist that the world has ever produced .
i want to thank you for what you have done .
losing your health is worse than losing your money .
i do not know if i can do this anymore .
tell tom he has to do everything mary asks him to do .
there are few legal constraints on the sale of firearms in the u . s .
how much time do you spend shaving every day ?
you would better go to see your family doctor at once .
both the house and the garden are in a bad state .
there is an urgent need for the local government to help the homeless .
he never fails to give her a birthday present .
it makes no difference whether he comes or not .
my mother speaks french better than my father speaks english , so they usually speak to each other in french .
i should not have used the word password as my password .
tom called to say that he could not attend today s meeting .
the most incredible thing about miracles is that they happen .
you are old enough to stand on your own feet .
you can see the whole city from this hill .
more than one million tons of coal are mined each day in australia .
tom just wants to spend a little more time with mary .
i did not have to pay for the plane ticket to boston .
you are the only person i know who regularly gets my name wrong .
i thought things would get better , but as it is , they are getting worse .
i pay most of my bills on the first of each month .
we have not seen each other for such a long time .
you need to look busy when the boss is around .
many foreign customs were introduced into japan after the war .
tom may not be as happy as he seems .
i am out of breath after running up the stairs .
does tom still plan to do that with mary ?
there are a lot of tall buildings in new york .
if you buy me an ice cream , i will give you a kiss .
i wish i had studied english harder when i was young .
we observed this plant closely for a few weeks .
a boy like tom does not deserve a girl like mary .
the traffic accident prevented me from catching the train .
we can see things in the distance using a telescope .
my mother happened to be there when the fire broke out .
tom does not know what mary is trying to do .
i will never forget shaking the president s hand last year .
i do not want to talk about that right now .
it is dangerous to climb a mountain in bad weather .
wind is a cheap and clean source of energy .
are not you even going to ask me where i was ?
you never listen . i might as well talk to the wall .
how much time do you spend watching tv every day ?
i do not care why tom did it . i am just glad he did .
eating too much fat is supposed to cause heart disease .
nothing we have done today has gone according to plan .
i wonder where to hang this picture that tom gave me .
please stop talking . i need to concentrate on my game .
the radio is too loud . cannot you turn it down a little ?
i need a pair of scissors to cut this paper .
i used to think it did not really matter what i fed my dog .
my friend tom has twice as many stamps as i do .
you must pay attention to what your teacher says .
i bumped into an old friend on the bus .
i have to write a letter . do you have some paper ?
tom said it was too late to change his schedule .
i know that i have not been a very good father .
no one has been able to reach the top of the mountain .
when i was a child , the most painful time of the day was mealtime .
it is dirty work , but someone has to do it .
their contract is to run out at the end of this month .
i am glad the two of you are in agreement .
i think i have figured out where we need to install the fire alarm .
i have no idea to what extent i can trust them .
now that he is old , it is your duty to go look after him .
how much time and energy do you spend on projects that do not make you any money ?
everybody in that family has a car of their own .
you can expect to receive a little something from us soon .
the boy had the dish empty in a moment .
you are the only one who wants to do that , are not you ?
if that is true , then he is not responsible for the accident .
would you mind if i drank the rest of the milk ?
tom is not sure he is ready to perform on stage .
the doctor instructed me to go on a diet .
he fleeced three old ladies of their meager pensions .
he could swim across the river when he was in his teens .
why did you give up the idea of learning french ?
shall i ask her to send the book to us ?
she put her cds in a row on the shelf .
tom is the one who told me when the meeting would be .
there is not much possibility of his coming on time .
chance led to the discovery of the new island .
you would be amazed how much time tom spends playing games .
i cannot survive without air conditioning in the summer .
children should keep away from the river . it is dangerous .
it is quite clear to me that this is the truth .
he had been working in the factory for three years when the accident occurred .
you do not have to do that if you do not really want to .
a growing child who does not seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention .
if more people had voted , we would have won the election .
she held him like mother gorillas hold their babies .
let s hit the town tonight and have some fun .
i asked tom not to tell mary about that , but he did anyway .
the police compared the fingerprints on the gun with those on the door .
it was not as expensive as i thought it would be .
to my dismay , i found i had lost my money .
tom tried to tell mary what she needed to do .
my mother tells me i have to go to bed by ten o clock on school nights .
my driving instructor says i should be more patient .
i forgot to tell you what time the meeting s going to start .
this chapter will focus on the concepts of geometry .
she speaks english better than any of her classmates .
if you plant an apple seed , it might grow into a tree .
is there any way you can un shrink a t shirt that has shrunk ?
do not interrupt me ! cannot you see i am talking ?
when tom opened the door , he saw mary standing there with a six pack and a pizza .
hello ? may i speak with mary ? please wait a moment .
it took us three hours to come to a conclusion .
it used to be that people thought it was necessary to eat three square meals a day .
she wanted to have her hair cut , but her mother would not let her .
take an umbrella with you in case it begins to rain .
the burglar gained access to the house through a window .
i am one of the thirty people who had to do that .
the population of china is times that of japan .
the pilot made an emergency landing in the desert .
you have the right to consult an attorney before speaking to the police .
if there is anything you want , do not hesitate to ask me .
preparing a room for painting is the most important step in the process .
you can always tell what any individual wants most by what he does .
she is not as beautiful as her older sister .
what should you do if you are bitten by a cobra ?
i feel ashamed that i got such bad marks in the examination .
in britain , mince pies are traditionally eaten at christmas time .
i had no idea that tom knew how to speak french .
tom is going to buy a new car next weekend .
this island belonged to france in the th century .
while he was lost in thought , he heard his name called .
i often go out for a short walk just after lunch .
this watch is twice as expensive as that one .
it is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer .
when was the last time you watered the garden ?
it is warm today so you can swim in the sea .
he assumed that the man was hiding something from him .
honestly , i do not think you have what it takes to become a teacher .
i thought for a minute we had a problem .
most americans do not object to my calling them by their first names .
it is good for us to understand other cultures .
i thought tom might want to do that today .
if you want my help , you will have to ask for it .
air is to men what water is to fish .
he owes his success both to working hard and to good luck .
we were all ears when he started to tell us his secret .
i just want to say i am glad that you are here .
everyone was silent as the teacher was announcing the results of the examination .
my french teacher is the same age as i am .
only members of the club are entitled to use this room .
in any decision one makes there is a weighing of options .
will you pick me up at seven tomorrow morning ?
if you do not want to sing , you do not have to .
we are less than halfway to the top of the mountain . are you already tired ?
i am so busy that i cannot help you .
this novel was written by a famous american writer .
i thought maybe i would better not go home right away .
as soon as the dog saw me , it began to bark .
i have a feeling you and i have a lot in common .
the boss has a good opinion of your work .
why on earth did you take him to the station ?
i just said i did not want to talk about it .
tom is the one who knows what needs to be done .
i thought i was about to be captured so i ran as fast as i could .
i guess we should go get something to eat .
the popularity of a web site depends on its content .
please lend me this book for a few days .
you may be right , but we have a slightly different opinion .
tom and mary realized that they were not really compatible .
i cannot remember how much i paid for it .
i think there s no point in trying to convince her .
i want you to know how sorry i am .
are both of your sisters as beautiful as you ?
i just want you to know how much i appreciate this .
you speak french very well . i wish i could speak it as well as you .
people who do not want to go , do not have to .
i do not mean to pry , but are you having problems at home ?
he always takes his time in everything that he does .
it was so still that you would have heard a pin drop .
i cannot talk with my father without losing my temper .
i do not think i have ever eaten anything that you would consider disgusting .
there were a lot of girls at the party .
that guy is always asking his parents for money .
you were wrong . yes , but i was almost right .
we must sleep at least seven hours a day .
do you want me to help you with your homework ?
we had to call off the game because of rain .
do you think that he is equal to the task ?
i told tom i wanted to go with him .
i would like to talk to someone about what i saw .
the police ordered the suspect to drop his gun .
would you mind if we asked you a few questions ?
i intend to buy my wife a gold bracelet .
i do not want to have kids , and i do not want to get married .
it was easier than it seemed at first glance .
japanese should not forget that america is a multiracial nation .
i realized that even though i wanted to eat , i did not have enough time .
what difference does it make if people are looking at us ?
that is the difference between a magazine and a newspaper ?
tom had no choice but to quit his job .
it was one of the great discoveries in science .
tom said that he knew why mary could not do that .
i will try to do that before i go home .
i was very disconcerted to find that everyone else already knew it .
see that the door is locked before you leave .
it was so quiet you could have heard a pin drop .
he ran off with his best friend s wife and has not been heard from since .
if you eat a light lunch , you are likely to avoid a mid afternoon energy slump .
i miss you . i need to see you . could i come over ?
my sister took care of the dog while i was away .
he picked up the rifle and aimed it at the target .
is it all right to take pictures in this building ?
something in his face really reminded me of an old boyfriend of mine .
the baby sleeping in the baby carriage is as cute as an angel .
i would rather stay at home than go to the movies tonight .
a monument has been erected to the memory of the deceased .
it is too bad she cannot come to the party .
it makes no difference who does that as long as it gets done .
let s not forget those who gave their lives to protect us .
as soon as the new teacher entered the classroom , the students began to applaud .
any song sung in french puts me in a sexy mood .
i had a really great time with your family .
she has to take in the waist of her pants a bit .
apart from a couple of early setbacks , the project is progressing well .
when i was a child , i would spend hours reading alone in my room .
the high court decided to try the fugitive warlord in abstentia .
i watched this movie last night and i really liked it .
jupiter is the largest planet in the solar system .
tom asked mary to get him a cup of coffee .
you are asking me to do something i do not want to do .
this piano has probably not been tuned for years .
i would like you to help me gather some firewood .
how many days will it take if i send this as registered mail ?
tom was planning to go to boston the day after christmas .
mary hiked her skirt up to mid thigh and dipped her toes in the water .
that was a low point . things have improved since then .
where did you put the book i was reading ?
how do your female clients differ from your male clients ?
how much is this handkerchief ? it is ninety five cents .
i have no idea why she got so angry .
i have just lost the best friend i ever had .
i went fishing with my brother in the river .
i am amazed by the rate at which industries grow .
tom intends to live in boston for more than a year .
i do not know what i can do to help .
i am happy to notify you that i have fully recovered .
the house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived .
it is time for you to tell me the whole truth .
exercise is the best way to get rid of stress .
i have not got rid of my bad cold yet .
i finally talked her into lending me the book .
do you mind if i go back to sleep now ?
i do not know whether i did the right thing by accepting .
she does not speak english as fluently as you .
they mined iron in this town for years .
she asked him to come into her house , but he refused .
do you remember the day when we first met ?
as far as i am concerned , i have no objection to the plan .
since we insulated the house we have saved a lot on heating oil .
our store is open every day of the year except christmas and new year s .
when i saw the picture , i remembered the story .
he is the president of the company in fact .
his car is small and takes up little room .
i would like to make some changes in the draft .
if i would taken time to brush my teeth after breakfast , i would have missed my bus .
will you help me with my english homework ? certainly .
if everything goes according to plan , i should be back home again tomorrow night .
there are three empty rooms . however , we cannot use any of them .
i did not know tom had not done what he was supposed to do .
teenagers are often embarrassed to be seen in public with their parents .
there s a man with a gun in his hand standing at the door .
on a hot day , nothing is better than a cold beer .
what color is your underwear ? i am not wearing any .
if you do not keep the silverware polished , it will lose its luster .
the whale is a very large mammal that lives in the sea .
i will postpone my trip to scotland until it is warmer .
i think you need to think about the future .
we had to walk all the way to the station .
i have to finish up some things before i go .
empty your pockets and put everything on the table .
he did not divulge the information , not even under pain of torture .
it is convenient for me to see you at ten tonight .
a loud noise jolted me awake from a deep sleep .
until now , i have never been spoken to by a foreigner .
the programmer is fixing a technical problem with the computer server .
tell tom i do not want to talk to him .
i fell down really hard and got a black bruise on my knee .
i had a cold , so i stayed in bed .
i wish i could help you , but i cannot .
i have to do something while i still can .
i cannot bear the thought of her with another man .
if you travel by shinkansen , it does not seem far from nagoya to tokyo .
i copied a passage from the book into my notebook .
let s see you talk your way out of this one .
after i had done my homework , i went to bed .
i always drink a glass of milk before going to bed .
before we get started , i would just like to say a few words about how important this job is .
it is a good thing to read good books when you are young .
there was a pretty girl with black hair in the park .
he is a man whose heart is filled with hope .
is that really a road we want to go down ?
tom mistakenly ate his entree with his salad fork .
if you can digest them , raw vegetables are good for your health .
i hit my funny bone on the edge of the table .
i want to go over it again in more detail .
i have no idea where i left my keys .
i will take over your duties while you are away from japan .
what makes you think i will not be able to do it ?
in the early days of american history , blacks lived in slavery .
could you please give me some more examples of that ?
do not you know that he passed away two years ago ?
it was in that the second world war broke out .
do you want to tell the jury what happened ?
a poor school record will count against you when you look for a job .
she made it plain that she wanted to go to college .
i will never tell anyone what you just told me .
we ate an early lunch while we were at the mall .
the eiffel tower is in the same city as the louvre museum .
do you think it is wise to wear your uniform today ?
ladies and gentlemen , i would like you to listen to my opinion .
do you like the way tom sings ? sure . do not you ?
he glanced at her and saw she was angry .
it was the best thing that ever happened to me .
i would like to come along if you do not mind .
i have to change the batteries in the radio .
would you be willing to show me how to do that ?
thanks very much for having me to dinner the other night .
he is not a patient but a doctor in this hospital .
my house is on the west side of the street .
you should spend what little time you have left with your friends .
how many people do you think we should invite to our party ?
the mountains in the himalayas are higher than those in the andes .
i plan to help tom steal some cars . that would be unwise .
tom did not know the difference between glass and crystal .
i went to see a movie with tom after school .
i want to cut down on the time it takes to process records .
you work too hard these days . are not you tired ?
the sooner we get there , the more likely are we to get seats .
i am really bad with names , but i never forget a face .
our price is considerably higher than the current market price .
i thought you would want to try some japanese food .
she drank two glasses of wine at the party .
i will look after your cat while you are away .
the man you saw in my office yesterday is from belgium .
it seems that he has something to do with the matter .
as you can see , i have not done any cleaning in the house for some time .
i just want you to know i will not be able to come to your picnic .
please give me some kind of medicine to curb the pain .
your phone rang several times while you were in the shower .
frankfurters were first sold in the united states in the s .
if you do not eat fast , you will be late for school .
tom tends to only do what he is told to do .
today is the fifth day of continual stock price decline .
could you tell me how to get to the nearest station ?
tom ran out of matches so he could not light the fire .
stop beating around the bush and get to the point .
he is unable to concentrate on his academic work .
there had never been any ill feeling between them until that night .
how lucky we are to have had the opportunity to work with you !
marriage is the union of a man and woman .
have you ever wondered what might have happened if tom had not been here ?
i was moved by her love for other people .
finances are traditionally the biggest cause of strife in a relationship .
that is the reason why i could not attend the meeting .
this is the hottest summer we have had in fifty years .
i promise i will take good care of your dog .
last night , i was so tired that i fell asleep with the tv on .
just give me some time . i am sure i can figure out how to solve the problem .
i just want some souvenirs to remember this place by .
when i woke up , i found i had been tied up .
when i got up , the sun was already high in the sky .
you can buy whichever you like , but not both .
the war between the two countries ended with a big loss for both sides .
water is leaking into my goggles . i do not think they fit right .
i met an american who was interested in noh plays .
tom said that he thought mary could probably do that .
who will look after your cat while you are away ?
tom and i did our best to help mary .
we were in the living room when we heard the gunshot .
he was an excellent scientist , and what is more , was a great poet .
the problem with many things is the pre conceived ideas we have about them !
you can accelerate as much as you want , but since the car s in neutral , we will not be going anywhere .
i wonder if i should talk to her about the problem .
please fill in your name and address on this form .
tom is too young to apply for the job .
we stayed at the most expensive hotel in town .
believe me when i tell you that i do not love you .
we have no one but ourselves to blame for that .
he visited his hometown for the first time in ten years .
i will postpone my trip to england until it gets warmer .
did you give a copy of the disk to anyone ?
never make the mistake of arguing with people for whose opinions you have no respect .
i want to talk with the manager about the schedule .
what do you think you will do with your life ?
his father had died of cancer years ago .
i spent a week in berlin living with a german family .
the psychologist asked me a whole battery of questions .
the president is expected to put forward a new energy policy .
my opinion about that topic has changed several times .
please remain seated until the aircraft arrives at the gate .
citizens are debating about health care at city hall .
man is the only animal that can use fire .
i think watching people playing chess is not much fun .
some of the books that he has are english novels .
it is supposed to rain every day for the next week .
to my relief , he came home safe and sound .
i should not have to do all this work myself .
i have a son not much older than you .
please be sure to turn off the light before you leave .
thank you , i would love to have another piece of cake , said the shy young man .
is not there anything that will make you feel better ?
his lackadaisical attitude to studying explains his poor grades .
she always has her hair done by a famous hairdresser .
can you tell me who s going to come tonight ?
these flowers are not only beautiful but also fragrant .
tom is not going to get away with it this time .
there are a lot of things i have to do this week .
he was ashamed of having done such a thing .
i could not figure out how to open the door .
if you taste this sauce you will find it a bit salty .
even though he lives next door , he does not even say hello to us .
she was ready to give him back all his money .
i want you to love me for who i am .
security is not achieved by erecting barriers , but by opening gates .
the swimmer raised his head and gasped for breath .
finding a solution that worked was a process of trial and error .
the police kept looking for a stolen article for about one month .
the kitchen knife was not sharp enough to cut the meat , so i used my pocket knife .
i should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it .
how tall do you think my daughter will be in three years ?
that package from australia sure is taking its time .
tell tom that i am too tired to help him .
what on earth does this have to do with me ?
he always gets home at six o clock in the evening .
a sensible man would not say such a thing in public .
he was at the wrong place at the wrong time .
there is a bank in front of the station .
i would not be too surprised if this song became a hit .
the old man contributed a large sum of money to the poor .
tom showed me the poems that he would written when he was a teenager .
are you still dating tom ? no , we broke up at the beginning of last month .
i could run much faster when i was young .
is it true that chicken soup will cure a cold ?
father makes sure that all the lights are off before he goes to bed .
i gave you a chance , but you did not take it .
i agree with what you say to some extent .
i had the feeling you were going to ask me that .
it is said that he is the richest man in the world .
i just did what they told me to do .
when was the last time you fried an egg ?
the economy still has not completely recovered from the financial crisis .
i will not be pressured into doing something i do not want to do .
i should not have put my laptop so close to the edge of the table .
how many times did you talk to tom last week ?
finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible .
the news of her sudden death came like a bolt from the blue .
the candle flickered a few times and then went out .
will we be in time for the beginning of the party ?
after his death , his paintings were hung in the museum .
as far as i know , the book has never been translated into japanese .
it took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of english .
is it really true that of the people who live here have never seen the ocean ?
in my job i have to deal with all kinds of people .
i think it is time for me to join the fight .
tom could hardly speak french at all when i first met him .
he hit the center of the target with his first shot .
tom held a glass filled with wine in his left hand .
americans spend much of their free time at home .
i scribbled down his address in the back of my diary .
did you check all the items on the shopping list ?
i think it is time for me to ask for his advice .
i just wanted to see if i could do it .
rwandan rebels are pushing their offensive south as fighting continues in the capital kigali .
i spent the whole day in cleaning my room .
it is unlikely that that movie will make a lot of money .
a small snowball is capable of starting an avalanche .
tom did not seem to want to talk about mary .
i learned how to ride a bike when i was six years old .
science can be used for good or evil purposes .
if you want to do good work , you should use the proper tools .
the radio is too loud . please turn the volume down .
i knew he was rich , but i did not think he was that rich .
i watched a movie in french with english subtitles .
when it is this hot , i do not feel like doing anything .
tom says that he is never tried eating dog food .
i eat chicken more often than i eat beef .
tom did not know where mary had put her suitcases .
he never fails to write home once a month .
how many songs did tom and mary sing together ?
i will lend you the money , but mind you , this is the last time .
blondes earn more than women with any other hair color .
when my dad finds out , he will not be happy .
i always wear a watch so i know what time it is .
i do not know whether i will be able to attend tomorrow s meeting .
you do not have to go to the party unless you want to .
they hope their delivery truck will be repaired by the end of the week .
i think it is time for me to get my eyes checked .
she talked him into buying her a diamond ring .
is it going to clear up ? i hope so .
i could not hear what was happening in the next room .
my grandpa lived to the ripe old age of .
the city center should be closed to all but pedestrian traffic .
i had to catch the first train this morning in order to get here in time .
i will be with you as soon as i finish this job .
if you guys are not doing anything later , why do not you come over for a cup of coffee ?
tom was not aware of the gravity of the situation .
i was very tired , so i went to bed early .
a strong wind severed the electric wires in several places .
there are few sounds in this world more beautiful than a baby s laugh .
tom is not used to driving a left hand drive car .
how many women have you talked to since you got out of prison ?
this is the worst thing that has ever happened to me !
you do not think i can do it , do you ?
now that i have enough money , i can get that camera .
he often looks back on his high school days .
have you recently felt any unexplained pain or stiffness in your neck ?
tom is the only one who really knows what happened .
it is imperative that we find another way out of this situation .
this work is simple enough that even a child can do it .
he will take over the business when his father retires .
a bat hunts food and eats at night , but sleeps during the day .
tom was leaning against the porch railing with a drink in his hand .
i think it is time for me to put new bait on the hook .
first of all , let me say how glad i am to be here .
i think tom is still in love with mary .
there is a lot of crime in big cities .
the old man served the king for many years .
he does not want to leave the room because he is afraid that he will catch another cold .
i cannot figure out how to register a new domain name .
we are not exactly friends , but we are not exactly enemies either .
it seems that she is not pleased with the job .
i would like to go home now , but i have to stay here until i finish this report .
the poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator .
it took courage to sail across the pacific single handed .
are you sure there s no meat in this soup ?
do not you think it is strange that he is not here ?
i had my wallet stolen from my inner pocket .
he sat on a chair with his legs dangling .
the international space station is an amazing feat of engineering .
if i eat too much chocolate , i break out in pimples .
she could hardly keep from laughing when she saw the dress .
how can i be sure that i am making the right decision ?
tom s house was struck by lightning and burned to the ground .
mosquitoes are perhaps one of the most dangerous animals in the world .
have you seen the necklace tom gave mary for christmas ?
i was hoping i could go back to the beach next weekend .
i feel the same way about you as you do about me .
please help me cut up vegetables for the salad .
a book without preface is like a body without a soul .
i want that report on my desk in one hour .
you do not really want to talk about this , do you ?
i was really tired so i went to bed early .
oil has played an important part in the progress of civilization .
in time he will come to see the error of his ways .
do not try to do two things at a time .
she spends a lot of money when she goes abroad .
you should spend more time studying than you do .
i make a point of getting up before six .
i am sorry to be so late . the meeting completely slipped my mind .
in a way you are right , but i still have doubts .
i realized it was a mistake as soon as i did it .
i met one of my friends on my way home .
he never takes into account the fact that i am very busy .
as far as i am concerned , things are going well .
how many years did it take to build the pyramids ?
france has a higher birthrate than most of europe .
it is clear that there s a rather strong disagreement between the two .
the show was very interesting . you should have seen it .
the local coffee shop was replaced by a starbucks .
tom has no conception of what it is like to be in love .
she helped her father with the work in the garden .
it cost me ten thousand yen to have my television set repaired .
i do not remember exactly , but i suppose it was friday last week .
in this word , the accent falls on the last syllable .
she covered the mouthpiece of the phone with her hand .
do you want me to bring you something to eat ?
they will tear down the old building in two days .
i think i left my keys on the kitchen table .
her book is famous not only in england but also in japan .
i cannot solve this problem . it is too difficult for me .
i might have to come home late . in that case , i will phone you .
the heat is on the administration to come up with a new policy .
we have to make sure that we never do this again .
the only thing that really scares me is the thought of losing you .
i do not think i will be able to do what you want me to do .
i was not able to come because of the rain .
i saw you driving by my house this morning .
how and when life began is still a mystery .
let s spend less time arguing and more time working .
if you look around , you will see many people doing the same thing .
you could at least try to be a bit more polite , even though it is not like you .
i found this bottle when i was walking on the beach this morning .
she got all dolled up for her big date .
it will only take a moment to answer the question .
that does not happen much , does it ? actually , it happens quite often .
in baseball , the pitcher is the player who throws the ball .
the invention of the telephone made it possible to communicate with people far away .
the board of directors is going to discuss the proposal next tuesday .
i want you in my office in one hour .
i do not think i would like you as a friend .
he confirmed that something was wrong with his car .
as far as i know , he has never been overseas .
she has never been asked out on a date .
i have never had more than in my possession .
i want you to tell me everything that happened .
i have heard it said that you should never marry your first love .
oats have long been food for horses and mules .
i do not want to say that to my girlfriend .
i am pretty sure that tom does not have a brother .
tom said that he had been cleaning the house all day .
no matter who you ask , you will not be able to get a satisfactory answer .
i wonder whether or not i have to do that .
tom was about to say something , but he stopped himself .
how long did it take tom to build the doghouse ?
there s a restaurant pretty close to here , but it is not very good .
i cannot come tomorrow . i have got a lot of work to do .
could you keep an eye on my suitcase for a few minutes ?
why did you wait so long to tell me ?
in front of the university , there are some bookstores .
they stayed in the room with me for the whole night .
do you know tom ? i do not believe i do .
which is the most difficult language in the world ?
i cannot believe i am going to lose my job .
what brand of dog food do you feed your dog ?
i spent the whole week working on that report .
that is the fastest way to get to the post office ?
we only have enough food and water for three days .
during the war , we had to do without sugar .
she was kind enough to take me to the hospital .
he had his head in the clouds in class .
i am not even sure i want to see that movie .
everyone in the class learned the poem by heart .
philosophy is not a thing one can learn in six months .
cigarette butts are the biggest source of litter in the world .
do you really think that i do not know what you did ?
a cup of coffee cost yen in those days .
tom did not commit the crimes he is been accused of .
i would rather not waste my time trying to learn a language that i do not need to know .
tom wanted one , but he had no idea where he could get one .
we are pleased to announce that that problem has been solved .
we just got married , and this is our honeymoon .
mary is not poor . on the contrary , she is quite rich .
the most valuable skill one can acquire is the ability to think for oneself .
tom had no right to treat mary like he did .
it was not until yesterday that i knew the news .
he cannot tell a cherry tree from a plum tree , but he can name them in twelve languages .
what do you think caused him to lose his job ?
frictions between japan and the u . s . are easing up for a change .
since she got her braces , i have hardly seen her smile .
in my city , there is no school for learning esperanto .
no matter how busy you are , i think you should at least read a newspaper .
i want you and tom to do that together .
my cat likes it when we scratch him behind the ears .
it is important for parents to spend time with their children .
his family and his doctor urged him not to go .
the old do not always know more than the young .
he fed his dog at the same time every day .
i am sick of doing the same thing every day .
there is an urgent need for understanding how climate change will affect our lives .
i do not know why they are so angry with us .
she followed him home to find out where he lived .
i want some beautiful flowers to put on the table .
if you take this medicine , you will feel a lot better .
it is not at all rare to live to be over ninety years old .
just a few days ago , we were so happy .
ask only questions that can be answered with yes or no .
this is what is called a present in some countries and bribery in others .
i completely forgot to make something for us to eat .
the geyser sends up a column of hot water every two hours .
i have to do my homework instead of going out .
a lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes .
it does not matter whether your answer is right or wrong .
participants in a seance try to contact the dead .
children walk around from door to door on halloween night .
ceo s of american corporations are paid several times their japanese counterparts .
i share a house with two of my friends .
tom did not think he would ever get used to thai food .
one of the fellows you were with is a friend of mine .
you should not keep a wild animal as a pet .
let s not forget to thank tom for everything he is done for us .
i think it is highly unlikely that tom will swim .
you have to give up sports for a while .
how old were you when you started studying french ?
they came to the conclusion that the ship must have sunk .
we usually eat with a knife , fork and spoon .
tom and mary spent all morning cleaning the house .
mary is one of the richest women in the world .
he laid on his back and looked up at the sky .
as to your final grade , that depends on your final examination .
i cannot look at this picture without thinking of my dead mother .
i had a nagging sensation that i would seen him somewhere before .
it is impossible for him to finish it in an hour .
tom always makes fun of john because of his dialect .
how many dolls did you have when you were a little girl ?
for him , hunger was an abstract concept . he had always had enough food .
the usa is a good market for japanese products .
do slugs die if you pour salt on them ?
he was having lunch when i entered the room .
that was the first time i had ever driven a car .
his mother sat up all night waiting for her son .
my only worry is that i have no worries .
i figured you would not want to go there without me .
our house has seven rooms including the dining room .
would you pass me the salt , please ? here you are .
do you think that you could help me weed the garden this afternoon ?
i cannot turn the shower off . could you check it for me ?
hundreds of people marry each year who have known each other only a few days or weeks .
tom s car is easily recognizable since there is a big dent in the front bumper .
they are not children any more , but not adults yet .
i told you guys to go home . why are you still here ?
she went to the market to buy fresh vegetables .
she took her ring off and threw it at him .
i throw myself on the mercy of the court .
i was caught in a shower on my way home from school .
tom and i discussed the problem with each other .
when did you have time to do all this ?
my sister married him in spite of our objections .
i am not the one you should be scared of .
i have made a list of things i would like to buy .
i think it is time for me to call it a day .
tom was wearing a santa hat at the christmas party .
i think you and i need to have a talk .
do you know how tom got the scar on his chin ?
i do not like the way he speaks to me .
maybe we can find someplace to park further up the street .
tom asked mary many questions that she could not answer .
i missed going out with her and eating at our favorite restaurant .
the rain did not stop them from doing their job .
a dreary landscape spread out for miles in all directions .
if you are going to do this , you would better hurry .
tom said he had plenty of friends in boston .
with the bridge destroyed , there was nothing to do but swim .
it goes without saying that smoking is bad for your health .
please tell me what you think about this article .
tom does not know where mary wants to spend her summer vacation .
i had a drink or two before you came .
i am sorry , but i do not feel like going out today .
make your airplane reservations early since flights fill up quickly around christmas .
tom dropped by mary s house just to say hello .
he is twelve years old . he is tall for his age .
this might be the last time we ever see each other .
he wanted his ashes spread over the ocean after he died .
i think it is time for me to apologize to her .
i was thrown out of the house with everything i owned .
i cannot open the door . do you have the key ?
you are not going to tell on me , are you ?
if you want a pencil , i will lend you one .
you can do whatever you want to , of course .
there are too many of us to fit into one taxi .
i cannot tell you how much i have looked forward to this moment .
we sat in lawn chairs and stared at the mountain .
i cannot say for certain that the patient will recover .
tom has a history of arrests for drunken driving .
the heat of the furnace warmed the whole house .
do not you think it is rude to give people such a curt reply like that ?
it was an advantage having learned chinese while i was in school .
never choose a vocation just because it looks profitable .
it is not that i do not love you , i just do not want to get married .
the stock market crash of october in new york is still vividly remembered .
the military quashed the revolt within a matter of hours .
tom fixed the roof of his house just yesterday .
i know you did not really want to come on this trip .
poyang lake is the largest freshwater lake in china .
even though i am sitting here in the sun , i still feel cold .
tom is thirty years old . he is not really that old , is he ?
i had no idea there were so many people in the other room .
mom , i am sorry for causing you trouble all the time .
no matter how hard i practiced , i was not able to do the backstroke .
i think you should add a bit more pepper .
this is by far the tallest building in this city .
the farmer caught the boy stealing the apples in his orchard .
this plan is far from perfect , but it is the best plan we have .
you should not say that kind of thing when children are around .
one thing you should know about me is that i am obsessed with punctuality .
tom is the boy i told you about the other day .
i hope you do not mind if i leave early .
she is curious to find who sent the flowers .
the only fish tom likes to eat is salmon .
the wreckage of the plane was found in the desert .
i got to the station only to find that the train had just left .
it is essential that every child have the same educational opportunities .
we provided the flood victims with food and clothing .
i saw something very bright fly across the night sky .
she lost her money , her family and her friends .
what you do is more important than what you say .
which one do you prefer , the red one or the blue one ?
last night there was a fire in the neighborhood .
japan had defeated russia in a war in .
i think the time is right to introduce this product .
i entered the museum through the wrong gate . i should have been more careful .
tom rummaged about in his rucksack for a pen .
it might sound crazy , but i think i am still in love with mary .
before we go anywhere , we should exchange some money .
the physics laboratory has the best apparatus i have ever seen .
why do you need to read such a book ?
exports in january were up over the same period of last year .
this bad weather is more than i bargained for .
one thing i have always wanted to do is get a decent job close to home .
his warm way with people had made him hugely popular .
tom and mary live in a quiet residential neighborhood .
every person has a psychological need to feel that what he does is of some importance .
no matter what i do , she says i can do better .
you do not have to do that now , do you ?
tom did not know where mary wanted to spend her summer vacation .
there was a huge spider in the living room .
she took a ten day trip to europe with her friends .
i was surprised to see so many people at the concert .
you said you were going to buy a new car .
the drunk driver had to spend the night in jail .
how much time do you actually spend thinking about the future ?
how do you think you would look wearing that dress ?
i will go there on foot or by bicycle next time .
my sister cannot start the day without reading her horoscope .
if you eat at this time of night , you will get fat .
tom asked mary what she had bought at the jewelry store .
can you make it so she can get on that tv program ?
in england , in the summer , the sun rises at about a . m .
i want to see you in my office this afternoon .
tom wanted to get out of bed , but he could not .
i went to the hospital to see my uncle .
i will use magic on him and turn him into a frog .
she spent most of her life taking care of poor people .
my heart broke at the sight of the dying birds .
it is necessary that we provide for the future .
good afternoon . you are our new neighbor , if i am not mistaken ?
i suppose i would better be more careful the next time .
i do not worry about those kinds of things anymore .
i know you will do what needs to be done .
it appears to me that you put on my hat by mistake .
i feel like telling him what i think of him .
of us all , tom was by far the best swimmer .
if he carries on like this , he is going to wind up in prison .
i am fairly certain tom would not help you do that .
all i want is for you to be happy .
what time do you want me to be here ?
it would be better for both of us not to see each other anymore .
i stayed home because i had a bad cold .
you can get a lot of bang for your buck at this store .
i thought about throwing it away , but decided to keep it .
i do not know how to persuade tom to help us .
i cannot figure out how to get the window open .
if i had not overslept , i would have been in time for school .
tom put his ear to the door in an effort to overhear what mary was saying on the phone .
tom has some food allergies , so he has to be careful about what he eats .
no matter how hard he tried , he could not get out of the maze .
they are talking over a cup of coffee in the cafeteria .
i am really sorry , but i seem to have misplaced your scarf .
you are , hands down , the biggest idiot i have ever met .
please turn off the radio and turn on the tv .
a thief broke in and made off with all my jewelry .
yesterday , as i was walking along the street , i saw an accident .
i needed a place to sit down and rest .
though it was cold , he did not light the fire .
after a little time off , i plan to go on another concert tour .
my parents do not like my girlfriend . they think that she is not good enough for me .
tom still works at the same restaurant where mary works .
i think it is impossible for us to beat him .
parents can pass many diseases on to their offspring .
i am reading the novel you gave me last week .
since he could not work out the problem that way , he tried another way .
he ended his life by jumping off a bridge .
i told you before that i am not interested in hanging out with you .
i think i have to go back on a diet after christmas .
he was very tall , so i recognized him at once .
tom took a twenty dollar bill out of his pocket .
since he was dressed in black , he looked like a priest .
we cannot rule out the possibility of an accident .
this is by far the most interesting of all his novels .
what are you going to do with this camera ?
when we entered the shack , we saw a half eaten pie on the table .
i told tom to do that as soon as possible .
how much did it cost ? it cost me a thousand yen .
the cops like the victim s boyfriend for the murder .
i managed to catch the o clock train by running all the way to the station .
we have not been to boston in a long time .
i do not know how he can live in this mess .
is it ok to drink beer on your university campus ?
a man was complaining of something in a sharp voice .
tom seems to be unable to interact normally with other people .
i think it is time for me to spend a little time with my children .
i can get christmas day off , but i have work on christmas eve .
i was flat on my back for a week with a terrible cold .
tom has willingly done everything we have asked him to do .
please stick around after the concert . we will be signing autographs .
we have to make the most of this situation .
tom says he knows mary will not eat raw carrots .
i advise you not to borrow money from your friends .
tom and mary spent all afternoon cooking this meal .
tom likes this place better than where he used to live .
i did not quite catch the name of that designer .
the policeman said that it looked like a self inflicted gunshot wound to the head .
we ran out of gas in the middle of the desert .
do you want us to take you home with us ?
i do not want an apology . i want an explanation .
you would be amazed how much beer tom drinks when he goes out .
i am sick and tired of eating zucchinis every day .
they gave up their plan to climb mt . fuji .
clerks with sticky fingers will not keep their jobs for long .
you should find a more constructive way of venting your anger .
the moment i held the baby in my arms , it began to cry .
i am very happy that you have agreed to that plan .
he is talking of going to spain this winter .
it never occurred to me that what i was doing might be illegal .
he read the letter with tears running down his cheeks .
to tell you the truth , i do not like tom .
only one third of the members turned up at the meeting .
a moldy loaf of bread lay on the table .
the mechanic fixed my car without charging me a dime .
i am a great believer in luck , and i find the harder i work , the more i have of it .
how would you feel if someone did that to you ?
my wife is always telling me that i am a bad husband .
we need to find somebody who can help us .
i go to the library at least once a week .
what kind of music did you listen to when you were a teenager ?
do any of you have anything to say in connection with this ?
he raised the glass to his lips and drained it at one gulp .
i wrote a song about what happened here last year .
he comes to see my son now and then .
he always plans a thing out carefully before he does it .
it was raining so hard that we had to put off our departure .
does he still have that book he borrowed from the library ?
we are safer here than we would be in a city .
who wants to go swimming with me ? we all do .
she says she has no intention of having a baby until she is in her thirties .
tom saw mary stealing money from the cash register .
they have solved the problem once and for all .
mt . fuji is higher than any other mountain in japan .
i told you to leave it in the car .
as of tomorrow , this e mail address will be invalid .
i must calculate how much money i will spend next week .
he did not have the decency to admit that he was wrong .
the students were for the most part from the west coast .
how about eating out this evening for a change ?
there is no need to take his advice if you do not want to .
i want you to be here when i get back .
i have a callus on the sole of my foot .
i cannot stand being cooped up in this prison !
my sister married a high school teacher last june .
if she had married you , she would be happy now .
i am sorry to call you so late at night .
are not you a little young to be doing this ?
i feel terrible , but i have just broken your ashtray .
the more guests there are , the more difficult it is to keep a surprise party secret .
we saw something move in the shadows just up ahead .
she is very shy and feels ill at ease at parties .
i had to abstain from smoking while i was in the hospital .
tom dried his hands with the towel mary handed him .
they agreed to investigate the cause of the incident .
our new method of doing that is quicker and more efficient .
i will not go to tom s party even if he invites me .
do you want to come eat at our house ?
whoever thought of this stupid plan should be fired .
do you play any instrument other than the piano ?
what are some foods you usually eat with your children ?
tom does not take very good care of his dog .
i think it is not a good idea to let children drink wine .
i do not know where i will be living next year .
i wanted you to see that i am not all that bad .
do you remember the first time you kissed me ?
that is the difference between a religion and a cult ?
before we say goodbye , there s something i would like to ask you .
i lost my receipt . can i still get a refund ?
i think you know exactly what i am talking about .
it would be a pity to let all our hard work go to waste .
what time does the shuttle bus leave for the airport ?
about how many days will it take to get there ?
the heart itself is nothing more nor less than a large , tough , leather like muscle .
i think it would be great if you could come .
we are looking for someone who is proficient in french .
i will let you know if i find anything interesting .
you could at least pretend to be interested in what i am talking about .
we wish him all the best of luck in his future endeavors .
the lunar month is shorter than the calendar month .
we sang christmas songs in the car all the way to tom s house .
what sort of father do you think you will be ?
take this folding umbrella with you . it might come in handy .
he was egging an innocent young man on to join him in his crooked deal .
you are not suggesting tom could have done it , are you ?
it is hard for me to understand french when it is spoken quickly .
i do not want to go and tom does not either .
it is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all .
a good yoga session can limber you up like nothing else .
we went to the caf that i told you about .
though it was a muggy night , she went to bed with all the windows closed .
would you like a glass of orange juice with your breakfast ?
tom said that he was really glad mary moved to boston .
i want to know the truth about my songs death .
tom said he was looking for someone who speaks french .
i cannot figure this out . that makes two of us .
tom said he wanted to dye his hair black .
this place has not been the same since you left .
when i got out of jail , i had no intention of committing another crime .
my mom bought me this toy when i was eight years old .
how many times have i told you to fold your clothes ?
i am going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp .
we decided to lie hidden for a few days .
do not forget to turn off the gas before you leave the house .
i know the reason why tom was angry with them .
it is not such a big problem . you are worrying way too much .
i cannot afford to rent a house like this in tokyo .
i just did not want you to go there by yourself .
i suggest you have a native speaker read over your report to make sure there are no errors .
my name does not seem to be on the list .
i am in no position to do anything about it .
it was very nice of you to say that .
the company gave him a gold watch in acknowledgement of his services .
tom can speak french almost as well as mary .
who was the girl you were with the other day ?
we eat meat two or three times a week .
without your help , we would not have finished in time .
having failed several times , he tried to do it again .
a good night s sleep will do you a world of good .
what a wonderful morning ! i feel on top of the world .
in japan , we still sometimes see someone use an abacus , but not as often as we used to .
most people only want to hear their own truth .
i am sorry . i did not hear you . i was focused on something else .
i suppose you have some ideas on how to handle this matter .
no one seems to have the guts to do that anymore .
riding a unicycle is one thing i am not very good at .
he must be crazy to go out in this stormy weather .
a good poker player can tell when someone s bluffing .
what are the chances we will have a white christmas ?
i know you have spent the last three years in prison .
i cannot remember the last time we had a white christmas .
in the u . s . , it is common for people to write a check instead of paying cash .
he often sits by me and listens to music .
i will take care of you when you are old .
i bought this hat at a store on park street .
as a rule , i prefer people who deal with matters of this kind directly with those involved .
he kept the invaders at bay with a machine gun .
there are seven men and four women in my section .
how am i going to protect my children now ?
i felt my heart pound after running a little .
he succeeded in business at the cost of his health .
from a literary point of view , his work is a failure .
how do i know if a girl is interested in me ?
the doctor advised him to ease up on alcohol .
what was your relationship with your father like when you were a kid ?
how are you ? did you have a good trip ?
a gps device can pinpoint your location anywhere in the world .
i want to know what time you plan to arrive .
i apologize for the delay in sending the agenda .
he turned the bottle upside down and shook it , but still the honey would not come out .
the soldiers thought that they might be home for christmas .
it was a very slow train . it stopped at every little station .
i ate something earlier this evening that did not agree with me .
it was a vase that my son broke last night .
you cannot fool me with a trick like that .
sometimes i say yes , even though i want to say no .
she is likely to refuse to follow his advice , because she does not like him .
can i get you a beer ? do you have anything stronger ?
whether you like it or not , you have to do your homework .
could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days ?
i am so sorry . i did not mean to kick you .
a lawn needs to be mowed regularly and in the right way .
how do you help someone who does not want your help ?
i did not have enough time to finish my presentation .
i can drive to boston and back on one tank of gas .
i recommend you consult a doctor about this as soon as you can .
i want him to be informed about that in advance .
tom could not go to the concert because he had to work .
step away from the car and put your hands on your head .
you may as well tell me all about it .
in the winter , i like to sled down the small hill close to our home .
there are signs of growing tensions between the two countries .
tom was very aware that every eye in the room was on him .
i am not sure i have enough time to clean my room before i go to school .
could you tell me where i can get a subway ?
certain details of the crime were not made public .
you may as well leave such a decision to your daughter .
robert deniro made a cameo appearance in the movie .
i am going drinking with some of my friends tonight .
what tom was doing annoyed everyone in the room .
he is strange , and i do not like strange people .
the villagers were displaced by the construction of a dam .
tom spends three hours a day at the gym .
a woman was kind enough to show me the way .
i stumbled across this problem when i was working on something else .
there is a black bmw parked in front of your house .
tom said that he will not do that unless you help him .
the bridge could not sustain the force of the strong current and collapsed .
the nozomi is the fastest of all the trains in japan .
throw a stick and watch the dog fetch it .
i wish i had the will power to stop eating junk food .
tom said he did not know how to play tennis .
it is not healthy to stay in your room all day .
can you remember how much you paid for this ?
i felt like singing loudly when the exam was over .
my grandfather goes for a walk on fine days .
all of us were excited with the result of the experiment .
i was just doing what had to be done .
we have left undone what we ought to have done .
he gets a reasonable salary as a bank clerk .
what are some foods you usually eat with chopsticks ?
you should make sure of the facts before you write something .
have you ever been hospitalized in a psychiatric hospital ?
i was sick , so i did not go to school .
she sat still for fear of waking the baby .
why would you ever want to do a job like that ?
i thought you might need some help getting ready for your wedding .
i have a friend whose father is a famous pianist .
i have no will power when it comes to dieting .
he seldom reads an editorial and is not a book worm .
no matter how hard she tried , she could not please him .
do you have a rough idea of how long it will take ?
i saw a man standing naked under the waterfall .
the boy caressed the girl s chin and kissed her cheek .
i asked tom if i could play his guitar .
i am looking forward to spending more time with you .
i am really glad i was asked to do that .
i have every reason to believe that he is innocent of the crime .
tom married the most beautiful girl in the city .
i think you are too sick to go to school .
tom put new pedals on the bicycle that he rides to school .
i have no idea why he quit his job suddenly .
if you do not want to do it , you do not have to .
we came to the conclusion that he should be fired .
if you eat three square meals a day , your body will have the energy it needs .
i now know what i told you was wrong .
my father would never allow me to go out with someone like you .
he is not back yet . he may have had an accident .
i cannot believe i used to watch this show .
existing legislation does not take diversity of races into account .
were you watching tv last night at nine o clock ?
you must have been surprised to find me alone with her last night .
i do not have time to say this twice , so listen carefully .
i joined a gym a few years back to lose weight .
tom cut his finger on a piece of glass .
my uncle has made me what i am today .
do you mind if i ask you a personal question ?
i threw a ball to my dog and he caught it in his mouth .
if i had my way , you would all be fired .
where have you been ? i have been to the station to see a friend off .
i tried buddhist meditation once , but i fell asleep halfway through the session .
what makes you think i would want to see that ?
the police executed a search warrant on my brother s apartment .
the children tried to catch snowflakes on their tongues .
i think it is time for me to get a new job .
i am not saying this to hurt you , but it is the truth .
he has the bad habit of chewing his pencil .
why do not we go ahead and start the meeting ?
i went there for the express purpose of earning money .
should i cut the red wire or the green one ?
would it have been better if tom had not been there ?
the pain went away because i took the pills .
just tell me this is not going to get me into trouble .
every time i look at this picture , i think of my father .
do you know any of the boys in this room ?
she is not old enough to get a driver s license .
we had to push our way through the crowd .
i do not care how much you want it . i am not going to give it to you .
he gave us an essay to write during the vacation .
i have work to do , so go away and leave me alone .
tom is one of the most expensive photographers in the world .
how long does it take from here to your house on foot ?
i often do not express myself as well as i wish i could .
whoever is at the door , please ask him to wait .
this is a good book for children to read .
i need to go visit my sister who lives in australia .
may i help you ? no , thank you . i am just looking .
if she expects them to give her five days off work with pay , she is going to be disappointed .
when spring comes , they plow the fields and plant seeds .
if you do not believe me , go see for yourself .
he says he has a bone to pick with you .
the book you are looking for is on my desk .
what kinds of plants are you growing in your garden ?
you may be able to pass unnoticed in a city , but in a village that is not possible .
never choose a vocation just because the hours are short .
they decided to settle in a suburb of london .
i think you and i can help each other .
i need to do this three times a day for a month .
he moved to a good company that offered a good salary .
unusually warm weather caused problems for the apple harvest .
i went to bed early because i was tired .
where do you want to live after you retire ?
do you really think i had something to do with that ?
do not buy your car from that dealership . they will rob you blind .
among the five of us , she , without a doubt , speaks the most languages .
lawyers and auto mechanics are the people i trust the least .
he was sick , so he could not attend the party .
he did not have enough experience to cope with the problem .
tom speaks to his father in french and his mother in english .
i wanted to thank you for what you did today .
to a man with a hammer , everything looks like a nail .
a fund was set up with a view to preserving our endangered planet .
i have always wanted to learn to play the drums .
i wonder if there s a market for something like that .
lincolngs biography is read by children all around the world .
these days , the motives for marriage are not necessarily pure .
consider the successes that have been achieved by tired , discouraged people who decided to give it one more try .
do you go by bus , by train , or by subway ?
i do not care how much it costs . i am going to buy it anyway .
it cost me , yen to repair my bicycle .
my sister was robbed of her bag on her way home last night .
if i had known about your illness , i would have visited you in the hospital .
you would better keep your money for a rainy day .
i think it would not be too hard to come up with a better system .
how much heroin or methadone do you usually use per day ?
it took tom years to finish his house .
i have no idea how long i was unconscious .
ebola spreads from person to person through bodily fluids .
if you want your money back , you can have it .
i have no one to talk about my problems with .
daddy , let s make faces at each other and see who can keep from laughing the longest .
there are people who do not like to go to sleep early .
he looked like a deer caught in the headlights .
ever since she fell in the kitchen , she has not been all there .
she can tell the most outrageous lie without batting an eye .
the month before christmas is a very busy time of year for stores .
never choose a vocation just because it is popular or sounds interesting .
tom wants you to go to boston with him .
the other boys teased him when he got his hair cut .
you can get rid of the cold if you take this medicine .
it is so simple that even a child can do it .
i was the only one at the meeting who did not think that was a good idea .
have you ever been hospitalized for bronchitis or pneumonia ?
it is no wonder tom s sleeping poorly he drinks up to twelve cups of coffee a day .
i cannot find my glasses . i may have left them behind in the train .
they argue a lot , but for the most part they get along quite well together .
it is difficult to help people that do not want your help .
what makes you think tom would ever consider going on a date with mary ?
eat everything on your plate , or you will not get any dessert .
it is a great honor to have had the king visit our city .
the dietitian told me i eat too much starch .
it was raining when we left , but by the time we arrived , it was sunny .
i felt out of place in the expensive restaurant .
we have not seen each other since . has it been that long ?
be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to london .
you must make an effort to get along with everyone .
it is not too late to tell tom that you love him .
she did not run fast enough to catch the bus .
as soon as i have finished doing that , i will help you .
the date of the party is still up in the air .
we have to figure out when the best time to buy that stock is .
i do not want to be the one who has to do that .
i know you are just trying to help , and i appreciate that .
it seems that the computer was infected by a virus .
she did not think her dream would ever come true .
i took the liberty of calling him by his first name .
his income is too small to support his family .
i wonder what all of them have in common .
he got the sack for slacking off at work .
is there any difference between your idea and hers ?
the new highway shaves almost an hour off my commute time .
there were maybe up to a thousand people there .
your plan is a good one , but mine is better .
the match was cancelled due to the heavy rain .
i asked her to make four copies of the letter .
i cannot help wondering if he will come on time .
there are a lot of dustballs under the couch .
i am not feeling well and i would like to stay home today .
i thought the company had sent tom to boston .
do you know any good places to eat around here ?
this is a difficult problem , and it is not easy for anyone to decide .
is that what you think i want to hear ?
the government is trying to get rid of pollution .
i have to pull a ripcord to start my lawn mower .
over million australians communicate in a language other than english .
i am pretty sure that tom will not cancel the meeting .
tom asked mary if she had to do that .
he sent his son to an english boarding school .
i can pick out only two or three constellations in the night sky .
the police started to look into the murder case .
if you do not plant the seeds , they will not grow .
can you tell me what day it is today ?
is it ok if i ask you a few medical questions ?
you can talk until you are blue in the face , but you will never convince me .
my small bladder has me constantly running to the bathroom .
can you remember the first time we met each other ?
he went to see her in the hospital every other day .
is there also a paperback edition of this book ?
i work in boston . i work in boston , too .
if i could afford it , i would buy an electric car .
i can never stay angry at tom for very long .
it is not because i hate him , but because i love him .
he will have left here by the time you return .
do you still want me to teach you french ?
is someone making you feel afraid when you are at home ?
seeing a rat run across the floor made me never ever want to eat there again .
i wrote him a letter asking him to come home soon .
i cannot find my key , but it has to be somewhere around here .
the children are building sand castles on the beach .
i just want to be certain that it is ok .
juggling is another thing i am not very good at .
no matter how often i tell her , she keeps making the same mistake .
if you have an indoor swimming pool , you are probably pretty rich .
tom called to say he was not coming to work today .
when i was growing up , i never imagined that i would become famous .
we made it to the top of the mountain just in time to see the sunrise .
tom has been told not to do that here .
this message turned out to be a little hard for me to write .
we learned at school that the square root of nine is three .
she was further in debt than she was willing to admit .
my house is ten minutes walk from the station .
she volunteered to go to the meeting with him .
take some money just in case you need it .
i am not willing to cook dinner for twenty people .
i always try to give everyone the benefit of the doubt .
i have never wanted anything so much in my life .
i have a lot of friends that can speak french well .
can you quote me a price for the house ?
mary urged her parents to let her go out with her friends .
i chained myself to one of the trees they were planning to cut down .
can you imagine what life will be like for them now ?
the only one who enjoys a crowded subway car is a pickpocket .
sorry , but it all came about so suddenly that i have not got a handle on the situation yet .
it is said that the secret of long life is to have something to live for .
she showed her guests how to eat what she had prepared .
i told her not to let go of the rope , but she did .
i wonder if tom lied to us about that .
this year s fashions are completely different to last year s .
when was the last time you spoke with tom ?
he fell into a deep depression and decided to off himself .
when tom was a kid , he became obsessed with the girl who lived across the street from him .
swimming is one thing i can do fairly well .
i can see no reason why i should do that .
i agree with the opinion that real estate is overpriced .
he does not even know how to sign his name .
i got up at , ate some food , then went back to sleep .
the company provides health care and life insurance benefits for all of its employees .
she always lets her children do what they want to .
have you given any thought to having dinner with me ?
a lot of people in our neighborhood own guns .
i forgot to turn off the lights when i left .
it takes so long for my baby to fall asleep .
the job applicant did not meet the expectations of the employer .
my intervention on your behalf is the only reason you still have a job .
let s get a move on . we have got no time to lose .
i will see what i can do , but no promises .
our current house is too small , so we decided to move .
tom believes that the death penalty should be abolished .
each one of the world s great successes was a failure first .
do you really want to go to the party with tom ?
i like him not because he is kind but because he is honest .
the removal of the load bearing beam compromised the structure of the building .
i do not understand why i have to do that .
there is nothing like the smell of roasted coffee .
when she heard the news , she broke down crying .
you will get the worst beating of your life .
how can you tell an englishman from an american ?
he got up to see if he had turned off the light in the kitchen .
i know him by sight , but i have never actually spoken to him .
in accepting the money , he lost the respect of the people .
what should i do to find a suitable job for myself ?
tom says he is having trouble coping with the stress .
i did not have enough time to eat everything that was served .
tom is not the type of person who learns from his mistakes .
i am glad i have a friend like you to confide in .
we have got to find tom before he does something stupid .
when dad finds out what you have done , he is going to hit the roof .
i am forbidden to stay out after o clock .
students are forbidden to smoke on the school grounds .
i will never forget the day when i first met him .
i have botched things up so bad i wish i could find a hole to climb into .
tom earns the money , but it is managed by his wife mary .
i cannot figure out how to transfer mp files to my ipod .
you have to take off your shoes before you can come in .
tom is convinced that his mother does not want to eat now .
i spend about three hours a week practicing the cello .
tom did not tell mary what he wants to do .
no matter how tired i might be , i have to work .
when he got to the station , the train had already left .
they came to terms with each other on how to start a joint venture .
you must come every six months for a check up .
what do you want to do with this old chair ?
you can come to visit us anytime you want .
i like to add basil to season my spaghetti sauce .
this part of the museum is temporarily off limits to visitors .
this sort of music is not to everyone s taste .
he knows better than to believe such a thing .
i think i have persuaded tom to donate some money .
the leaves of the trees in the garden have turned completely red .
i wish you would shut the door when you go out .
i do not have enough time to eat lunch today .
you have the right to free speech , but not the right to slander .
by the time he retires , my father will have worked for almost thirty years .
he promised to bring new industries to the region , but politicians rarely keep their word .
he peddled his miracle cure to desperate cancer patients .
i have lost my umbrella . i must buy a new one .
after we finish digging the trench , planting the flowers will be easy .
i do not know if i can do this job .
i am not going to be able to finish this before .
the earthquake was the biggest one that we had ever experienced .
i do not know who they are , but they do not look friendly .
it is a pity that he has no sense of humor .
i think there are lots of sites to see here .
i felt sorry for her when i heard her story .
tom intends to play tennis every day during his summer vacation .
the best place to hide something is in plain sight .
you do not expect me to face tom alone , do you ?
i was wondering if i could take a vacation next week .
he flinches whenever he hears a loud , sudden noise .
you mean to say that you know the answer ?
it makes no difference to me whether she is rich or not .
the dead fish on the beach are starting to smell .
i am asking you to tell me how you feel .
i suppose i would do the same thing if i were you .
tom advised mary not to believe everything she reads on the web .
you have not been a teacher very long , have you ?
he is not man to lose heart at a single failure .
i estimate that the work will cost more than , .
i do not want to bother you guys while you are working .
the truck made a sharp turn to the right .
a lot of things happened while you were away .
i am indeed grateful to be able to do this .
you have no right to pass judgement on these people .
tom s girlfriend is a lot younger than he is .
i have been trying to get a little exercise every day .
the sunglasses made him look like an undercover policeman .
i am not pleased with what you have done .
what do you think is the best film that you have seen this year ?
the road up ahead is blocked by a landslide .
japan has produced more cars than ever this year .
tom said he may go to australia for christmas .
i cannot wait to go to boston to visit tom .
my neighbor s son made fun of my daughter today at school .
i cannot thank you enough for what you did for me .
i have made up my mind to propose to her .
do you walk to school or do you take the bus ?
you got the date wrong when you were filling in the check .
as you know , we were late due to the heavy rain .
i cannot believe your parents let you come here by yourself .
though the doctor did his best , the patient s recovery was slow .
you are welcome to come with us if you want to .
he refused our offer to arrange a press conference .
the old shack seems to have weathered the storm pretty well .
please turn off the light before you go to bed .
i reminded him to write to his mother soon .
they would find a way to do whatever they want to do anyway .
i cannot go now . i have work to do .
there was a violent clash of opinions between the two leaders .
you have got to give up gambling once and for all .
will you give any discount if i pay in cash ?
tom could not forget mary even if he wanted to .
may i have your name and telephone number , please ?
he lost his balance and fell off his bicycle .
i knocked on the front door , but there was no answer .
which would you rather do , stay at home and watch tv or go out and see a movie ?
let s wrap up this work now and go out drinking .
tom hoped that the doctors would tell him that he did not need the surgery after all .
he came across this old coin in an antique shop .
i did not know that you needed to do that .
if i had more income , i would be more satisfied with my life .
the resolution to the problem was close at hand .
the movie was so dull that the audience left one by one .
you have only to give him a little help .
mary thought that tom would ask her to the prom , but he asked someone else .
the industrial production of livestock is the leading contributor to greenhouse gases .
i will let you know the results as soon as i can .
someone has ripped out the first three pages of this book .
we are going to make up for lost time by taking a short cut .
even if you wash it , the color will not come out .
if i win the lottery , i will be able to live high on the hog .
i had a hard time putting the kid to bed .
mary opened her purse and looked around in it .
indeed you know a lot of things , but you are not good at teaching them .
each of us has to be careful when driving .
do you think our climate has an influence on our character ?
she has a very good relationship with her students .
can a person born blind ever understand what colors are ?
if only you would thought of that before shooting your big mouth off .
if you won a million yen , what would you do ?
i wonder how many people are in the park .
tom never told me why he did not like mary .
millions of people in the united states are unemployed .
look carefully . i am going to show you how it is done .
i just do not want to have people thinking i am weak .
the sahara is the largest desert in the world .
let me stop you right there . we do not want to hear about that .
he who sleeps with dogs gets up with fleas .
this flower is yellow and the others are blue .
how long has it been since you have seen your boyfriend ?
after my leg heals , i will be able to move around again .
because of his age , my grandfather does not hear well .
we are not short of oil in this country .
if you touch that wire , you will get a shock .
do you mind if i take a day off ?
it is too bad you cannot stay a little longer .
it would be better for you to stay away from such a man .
the number of boys in our class is thirty .
tom was drunk and obnoxious at the party and started a brawl .
i do not know what we are going to find , but we should find something .
it is an intriguing theory , but i do not see how it can be tested .
i will do my best not to cause any trouble .
you are pretty good at english , are not you ? i would like to think so .
are you absolutely sure you want to sell your father s guitar ?
please bring me the book next time you come .
tom said he would like to see mary do that .
tom invited all his friends for a christmas dinner at his house .
i have no interest whatsoever in eating english food .
if you rest , you will be back on your feet again soon .
my father was already at home when i came back .
it is not enough to just say you are going to vote . you need to vote .
i deal in facts and figures , not vague impressions .
he ditched the car in an alley and took off running .
the boy did nothing but cry all day long .
he has a lot of difficulty seeing without his glasses .
this house is large enough for your family to live in .
never choose a vocation just because it looks easy .
after a few minutes , i began to lose interest in the conversation .
we do not want anything like that to ever happen again .
tom is better at science than anyone else in his class .
i want to apologize for all the things i said earlier today .
i went to the airport to see him off .
she pleaded with him to stay a little bit longer .
once she starts talking , there is no stopping her .
i would like a chance to explain why i made this choice .
no matter how fast you drive , you will not get there on time .
do you feel like going for a swim in the creek later ?
tom is young . how young is young ? he is thirteen .
i am often told i do not look good in a skirt .
if you need my advice , i would be glad to give it to you .
i ought to wear this tie more often . i have gotten a lot of compliments today .
can you please take this package to the post office ?
we wish him the best in his future endeavors .
you have no right to interfere in other people s affairs .
i want to make sure i understand what you are saying .
i am begging you , before freaking out on me listen to the end of what i have to say .
they are hoping the wheat harvest will be good this year .
did it ever occur to you that i might be busy this afternoon ?
this is the third longest river in the world .
the jury found that samsung had infringed upon apple s patents .
he has not been able to attend school for a week .
i think it is time for me to turn on the radio .
she may be a nurse . i am not sure .
it is important to have an off site backup of all the data on your computer .
i have never seen this kind of thing happen before .
we must pay a toll to drive on this road .
here s a list of people i want to invite to our wedding .
give me one good reason why i should do that .
with a little more effort , he would have succeeded .
tom and mary do not seem to really talk to each other all that much .
it was no use trying to take her to the hospital .
she looked at him and knew that he was angry .
i do not think we can move this piano without some help .
we would like to give this to you as a token of our appreciation .
do you find that washing machine easy to use ?
i am not the only one who feels that way .
teachers should never make fun of students who make mistakes .
i spent a lot of my time studying french .
boston is one of the cities that i really want to visit .
i tried my best to get here on time .
i will never forget your kindness as long as i live .
is there something in particular that you want to know ?
it is already eleven . it is high time you were in bed .
this is the very place that i have long wanted to visit .
this kind of weather makes me want to stay indoors .
the robber aimed his gun at the police officer .
a ragtag group of protesters marched on the capital .
many americans still had money they had saved during the war .
the police will release the victim s name after they have notified his next of kin .
i do not want to live my life like this .
mary wanted me to look the other way while she was getting dressed .
washing dishes is something i do not really enjoy doing .
tom does not know whether mary will come by car or by bicycle .
my younger brother swims every day in the summer .
i feel strange today and i do not understand why .
i saw a man get hit by a car .
if you ever need a job , come see me .
dozens of houses were burned down in that big fire .
do not you think your french is good enough to explain the problem ?
i have no idea what i am going to do .
i cannot show up looking like i have been working on the farm all day .
i am bound to him by a close friendship .
i do not care if you go or not . i am going anyway .
you have no legal right to seize my property .
i would have told you before , but i did not think you would understand .
i think you need to find yourself a part time job .
you are fired ! you have an hour to clean out your office .
they say they cannot compete with low priced foreign products .
if you listen carefully to my instructions , it will save you some time .
the people i work with are all very kind .
after her graduation from college , she went over to the united states .
i have a feeling that something horrible is about to happen .
these new computers can crunch data faster than ever .
if you do not like it here , you may leave .
you can listen to audio files by native speakers on our website .
she advised him to catch the first train in the morning .
i used to go fishing quite often , but now i rarely go .
why do not you start by telling us how you feel ?
she devoted her time to the study of music .
here s a dollar . go and buy a cup of coffee . that is not enough .
it is still too cold to go to the beach .
experience is what we get when we do not get what we want .
hundreds of soldiers ate in silence around their campfires .
i am sure a lot of people would agree with you .
he complains of not having enough time to read .
i sincerely regret having caused you such an inconvenience .
all during my trip i could not keep you out of my mind .
i cannot finish the job in such a short time .
if you continue doing that , you will probably get injured .
one third of the friends i grew up with are dead .
tom is our oldest child and mary is the youngest .
i did not want anyone to know i was here .
they say we will have an earthquake one of these days .
tom told mary that he had a new girlfriend .
my income is twice as large as yours is .
islam first reached china about the middle of the th century .
you still have not told me when you get off work .
he pressed down on the suitcase to close it .
i want to know who threw the first punch .
having done the work , she has nothing to do .
whenever i try to get near her , she pushes me away .
we should appeal to reason instead of resorting to violence .
she goes to the beauty salon at least once a week .
can you tell us a bit more about that ?
i was surprised when tom told me he loved me .
this book is too difficult to read in a week .
did you sleep well ? i slept like a log .
would you have time to fix this flat tire now ?
the customers had to wait outside in the rain for several hours .
you will be paid according to the amount of work you do .
i will open the box and see that is in it .
if he finds out , certainly he will be very angry .
he enjoys his sleep and does not like to have it interfered with .
i just want to get home safe and sound .
there is little hope of his winning the election .
i am glad you were able to be with your parents on christmas day .
do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens ?
i will do everything within my power to help you .
the line is busy now . please hold the line .
she has a bad habit of chewing on her pencil .
do you think you can make it to boston for christmas ?
it looks like we are going to be staying here tonight .
i often spend my free time listening to music .
i do not like her , because she always puts on airs .
she was unable to completely give up her dream of traveling abroad .
do you think he will come ? i hope not .
i know of him , but i do not know him personally .
who are you to tell us we cannot go ?
it is not natural for a mother to outlive her child .
tom will probably still be in australia on christmas day .
improved medical technology has been one of the spin offs of the space program .
i just want to get this thing over with as quickly as possible .
i wonder if prince william lets anyone call him bill .
if tom finds out i told you this , he will kill me .
if john phones me , please tell him i will be back by seven o clock .
as far as i know , he is a reliable man .
what age was she when she first drove a car ?
can you remember the first time you ate at this restaurant ?
ask him whether she is at home or not .
a car is a must for life in the suburbs .
i am certain there are many other things we could do .
the painting looks great , but you hung it a little crooked .
he went on talking as though nothing had happened .
tom managed a small bar near boston for quite a long time .
he goes to bed early but it takes him a long time to get to sleep .
i saw three sets of footprints in the snow from the road up to my front door .
he makes it a rule to take a walk every morning .
we have two dogs . one is black and the other is white .
i am not as rich as i would like to be .
in my opinion , permanent peace is nothing but illusion .
tom , mary , john and alice all went to the park to play on the merry go round .
we would not be in this mess if you would just done what i told you .
i study french with tom three times a week .
you should not use the word gay as an insult .
who is sitting at the other end of the table ?
the police used a battering ram to break down the door .
do not try doing two things at the same time .
we have done something similar to that in the past .
do you want to go grab a bite somewhere ?
and while i am at it , i have another question .
the girl had grown up without any money and when she married she became a spendthrift .
about one third of the earth s surface is land .
a comparable car would cost far more in japan .
i would rather not talk about it , if you do not mind .
i sleep during the day and work at night .
tom cannot speak french without making a lot of mistakes .
the only thing you need to do is go there .
sometimes a nod is enough to show someone that you are listening attentively .
it is high time you left for school , is not it ?
there were no customers , so we closed the store early .
tom plays the baritone saxophone and mary plays the alto saxophone .
i would be willing to do anything to get that job .
she spent a lot of time writing her essay .
you do not need to go unless you want to .
i know tom might want to learn how to do that .
it is about ten minutes from here to the station .
the school rules require students to wear school uniforms .
the talisman he is wearing is supposed to ward off evil spirits .
i ran into an old friend of mine at the party the other day .
i did it the way he told me to .
daddy , can you read me a story before i go to sleep ?
i ran into an old friend at tokyo station .
you cannot hurt me any more than you already have .
she knew better than to tell him such a story .
if you want me to help you , all you have to do is ask .
i can not feel at home in a luxurious hotel .
i was trying to say something when you so rudely interrupted .
it is been a long time since i have seen you smile .
tom is the only one in our family who does not like singing .
we have five days to go before the summer vacation .
i would have bought that car if i would had the money .
christmas has always been a wonderful time for me .
kyoto gets thousands of visitors from all over the world each year .
many young people are out of work in that country .
i have told you over and over again not to do that .
i carefully took down everything that my teacher said .
you cannot just barge in here whenever you feel like it .
tom said boston is a nice place to visit .
a lot of people feel the same way you do .
he still comes to see me now and then .
tom is going to be a good soccer player someday .
a relationship based on total honesty is bound to fail .
tom could not have opened the door without your help .
bear in mind that , under such circumstances , we have no alternative but to find another buyer .
i always wear a helmet when i ride my bicycle .
i want to give you enough time to do that .
it is impossible for a growing child to keep still for an hour .
i wonder what has made him change his mind .
this is longer than any other bridge in the world .
the most beloved people in the world are the spontaneous .
tom says he feels much better today than yesterday .
i am tired , and i make a lot of mistakes when i am tired .
i was trying to tell him what had really happened , but he cut me short .
he said to her under his breath , i love you .
he is bulked up quite a bit since he is been going to the gym .
he is ready to join us under one condition .
i cannot deliver this until you tell me where to deliver it to .
all the flowers in the garden died for lack of water .
your wife s on the phone . she says it is urgent .
the first thing you have to do is take a bath .
it would be a shame to let all this food go to waste .
fish can be dry and tasteless if it is overcooked .
we enjoyed the cool breeze that came from the river .
unless there is a miracle , we will not be able to make it on time .
as strange as it may sound , what tom said is true .
i have learned to live with the pain in my back .
i never thought it would wind up like this .
the old lady has been rather feeble since her illness .
do not you think it might be a bit too expensive for us to buy ?
this melon sounds hollow . maybe that is why it was so cheap .
we have not been notified about their change of address .
at the best hotels , there is always someone at your beck and call .
he said he would write to me , but he has not .
it was the most painful thing in my life .
i do not know when i will be able to pay you back the money i owe you .
if i had time to do that , i would .
i fell in love with a girl i met in boston last year .
did you catch anything the last time you went fishing ?
i told you the truth when i told you i loved you .
the building is surrounded by a barbed wire fence .
there s a lot of trash on the far bank of the river .
the mountain path was under a blanket of leaves , soft and easy to walk on .
while employed at the bank , he taught economics at college .
i tried the cake , but it was too sweet for me .
the prize money enabled me to go on a world cruise .
are you going to break up with me if i get fat again ?
the united states has almost a fourth of the world s prison population .
even though he was exhausted , he had to go back to work .
i would rather go to the mountains than to the beach .
i do not think people should make a mountain of a mole hill .
the worst part is , it was not always like this .
i am grateful to my parents for doing everything they have done for me .
can you teach me how to play the guitar like you do ?
he fell in love with the girl at first sight .
when you see tom , tell him i said hello .
i do not know if i have ever told you , but you have beautiful eyes .
government red tape has made the process very cumbersome and hard to understand .
i took him to the most expensive restaurant on campus .
i waited for him at the station for an hour , but he did not show up .
i hope no one saw you come in here .
the best thing to do is to ask an expert to repair it .
we promised not to discuss it with anyone until the next day .
tom told me he did not take french in high school .
can you please help me for just a minute ?
tom asked mary to wait for him in front of the library .
as is usual with him , he arrived a quarter of an hour late .
my son came to see me from time to time .
i will leave no stone unturned to find out who did this .
she handed him his jacket then opened the door and asked him to leave .
would you be willing to write a letter for me ?
the royal jewels are kept under lock and key .
tom had never seen such a beautiful garden before .
what do you think you would like to do next time ?
the gap between the rich and the poor is widening .
the construction of a highway will contribute to the growth of the suburbs .
they helped one another to make the school festival a success .
you cannot change people . they have to change themselves .
i hope my new stepfather sticks around longer than the last one .
if you behave like a flunkey , you are treated like a flunkey .
some of these young people have legs twice as long as mine .
a girl approached the king from among the crowd .
why do not we take some time to think about it ?
it took me a long time to recover from pneumonia .
it is cheaper if you order these by the dozen .
it takes a lot of electricity to power a country .
this is a list of what i want for christmas .
it is , even now , a book loved by men and women alike .
on the same day , apollo succeeded in landing on the moongs surface .
he tends to shy away from anything that involves public speaking .
if you really like mary , you should ask her out .
just as the americans like baseball , the british like cricket .
it has been over three years since i moved here .
i started to learn english with the aim of becoming a teacher .
how long has it been since you received a letter from him ?
i have to finish reading that book by tomorrow .
why do not you start by telling us where you went ?
i am not sure what it was , but it sounded like a gunshot .
the castle s guards were armed with bows and arrows .
she did it for the good of the community .
he has almost no money , but he gets by .
it is said that his father died in a foreign country .
tom drank three bottles of wine by himself last night .
do you know how much i give to charity ?
there were no more than five passengers in the bus .
i think i understand what you are trying to say .
you could do a lot if you put your mind to it .
we have a lot of work to do before we can go home .
they were even more interested in his beautiful wife .
is there anything you want that you do not have ?
you have a choice of black tea , coffee , or milk .
are you sure you are not taking on too much ?
since it is written in easy french , i can understand it .
when i think back on what i did , i feel pretty stupid .
can i borrow a pen ? mine s on its last legs .
nickel is a hard metal with a silvery luster .
those birds build their nests in the summer and fly to the south in the winter .
his family circumstances were such that he became a teacher out of necessity .
as soon as you have done that , i would like you to start preparing supper .
i do not have enough money to buy what i want .
my mother told me i needed to eat less candy .
i know your mom does not want you to talk to me .
i was nine years old when i asked my mom if santa claus really existed .
he was silent for what seemed to me an hour .
the book was so gripping , i could hardly put it down .
everyone is happy with the decision , so please do not rock the boat .
if it was easy , it would not be a challenge .
i am not the only one who wants to go .
tom took out his cell phone so that he could take a selfie .
you are probably too young to understand what is likely to happen next .
it will be difficult to glue the two pieces together .
she was able to cross the pacific ocean by boat .
i do not buy dairy products because i am lactose intolerant .
i lay in bed thinking about everything that had happened that day .
i always thought that a stroke was one of nature s ways to tell you that it is time to die .
i want to apologize to all of you for what just happened .
i cannot make out what the man is saying .
i wonder if anybody knows how to do this .
when i heard the news , i was overcome by a great sadness .
how old were you when you learned to write your name ?
do you know what would happen if you drank that ?
i usually do not get up until noon on sundays .
your ideas about the government are different from mine .
this side of the house catches the morning sun .
i did not feel well , but i went to work .
i know it is in the apartment , but i cannot find it .
this is just the type of car i want .
i have to tell you that i do not love you anymore .
our teacher often overlooked his name on the list .
tom did not believe mary when she said she loved him .
life is not an exact science , it is an art .
i know you are busy , but can i talk to you for a minute ?
i am in agreement with most of what he says .
there has been a rash of burglaries in my neighborhood .
i think it is time for me to walk away from this mess .
it was a long war because neither side would give in .
it seemed strange that the door was open when i got home .
the roads were very muddy since it had rained during the night .
americans like football in the same way that japanese like baseball .
i never thought it would be this hard to choose a color to paint the kitchen .
the weather report said that it will rain this afternoon , but i do not think it will .
i like his new house , but i had not expected it to be so small .
we will not have time to do anything else today .
does anyone in your close family have high blood pressure ?
there are too many people here . let s go somewhere else .
if i am to become a regular , i have to work twice as hard as the rest .
why do not we think about this for another week or so ?
tom anonymously donated a million dollars to his favorite charity .
he sings so well that it is impossible to hold back tears .
i spent the whole evening reading the poetry of kenji miyazawa .
a sentence does not have to be long to be beautiful .
i have the feeling that i have seen these shoes somewhere before .
he has transmitted all his knowledge to his son .
walking down the street , i ran into an old friend .
i know how hard it is to do that .
tom swerved off the road to avoid hitting a dog .
juggling is actually a lot easier than it looks .
when do you get up ? i get up at eight .
we cannot have all those people over for dinner .
mary was a tomboy when she was in elementary school .
there is much more water in this lake now than in the past .
i think it is time for me to abandon that idea .
i went to his house at o clock , but he was out .
it seems like the cat caught the scent of a mouse .
i put the documents you requested on your desk .
i do not think that i could forgive myself if i did that .
he would not let anyone interfere in his personal affairs .
there are a lot of girls in the room .
i want you to tell me everything you know about that .
all you have to do is write it down .
having been convicted of murder , he was sentenced to life imprisonment .
it is important to understand that each country has its own culture .
after what happened , i would have thought tom would go back to boston .
the population of japan is larger than that of britain .
when i was in high school , i used to earn extra money babysitting .
fold the napkins and put one by each plate .
i now know more about tom than i really want to know .
how about you and i go for a walk ?
it is not that i do not want to go , i cannot afford to .
romeo and juliet is a tragic story of forbidden love .
what are you going to do with this money ?
you should not give your children everything they want .
the number of people who go abroad has been increasing .
my cousin is a little older than i am .
i assume we are doing a pretty good job since no one has complained .
if you tell tom what to do , he will do it .
what else do you think tom is planning to do ?
i do not know what i would do in that situation .
my new laptop is thinner and lighter than my old one .
we cannot just act as if nothing has happened .
i do not know if we are going to be able to make it to boston for christmas .
tom said he did not want to do that with you .
he is not in the least interested in what is happening in the world .
i could tell from his accent that he was a frenchman .
all we can do is wait for the police to arrive .
do you remember the day when we saw the accident ?
i do not play the clarinet very well , but i am pretty good at playing the flute .
if you have questions , do not hesitate to jump in .
my aunt lives in a lonely house in the country .
we have not seen each other since we were kids .
please help yourself to some apple pie . i baked it for you .
the methodology used in his study is also helpful to us in conducting our research .
the outdoor concert was canceled due to the storm .
i called my friend after arriving at the station .
i am not in a position to give you advice .
the boy next door fell head first from a tree .
my room is three times as large as yours .
after getting through customs , i was free to go wherever i wanted .
it was near the river that i lost my way .
the situation at home is getting more unbearable every day .
do you have any children you have not told me about ?
that is new a shop which opened last week .
we have enough money to buy one more bottle of wine .
i cannot imagine many people wanting to read this book more than once .
i see no reason why i should not accept her offer .
i have got a job and i do not want to lose it .
a magnet can pick up and hold many nails at a time .
if we had wings , could we fly to the moon ?
please excuse me for calling you so early in the morning .
i will badly miss you if you leave japan .
it was during the ice age that the saber toothed tiger became extinct .
this book is for students whose native language is not japanese .
i hope you will succeed in winning the prize .
no one ever knew the true story except the three of us .
as soon as she saw me , she greeted me with a smile .
i had not planned to tell you about what happened last night .
i am not as gullible as i used to be .
that is a job of your own choosing , is not it ?
hey , i may have no money , but i still have my pride .
in fact , the opposite is more likely to occur .
i do not think i could ever do this again .
he was the most famous writer of his day .
tom did not want me to sell my old truck .
all eyes were glued on the tv set as the election results came in .
i happen to be very good at what i do .
a few glasses of wine can loosen the tongue .
they replaced the broken television with a new one .
compared to last summer , we have not had so much rain this year .
i am stuck in a rut in my boring job and need to do something new .
we discussed the matter from an educational point of view .
his name is on the tip of my tongue .
i do not think tom did his homework by himself .
i plan to throw all of this away . you may take whatever you like .
i have no wish to live in a large city .
the day will soon come when we will be able to predict earthquakes .
i was surprised because my husband actually ate some of our wedding cake .
she finally managed to get a hold of her old friend .
i had a son who died in the war .
my doctor received her medical degree from a prestigious university .
just between you and me , do you love my sister ?
we will do whatever it takes to complete the project on time .
the bus was empty except for one elderly woman .
i just want to say how thankful i am for all your help .
i know it is going to be unpleasant to talk about the accident .
from our point of view , his proposal is reasonable .
the medical examiner reported that the cause of death was a homicide .
tom would probably do exactly the same thing we would do .
it is a secret . you cannot let anyone else know .
i know that this is the first time this has happened to you .
the surgeon who operated on tom is very experienced and highly regarded .
i did not know what it meant at that time .
i had a raincoat on so i did not get so wet .
sugary drinks have no nutritional value and contribute significantly to weight gain .
i never imagined we would be talking about this topic today .
tom advised mary not to stay out late at night .
she is well known both in japan and in america .
i hate it when i have to sit between two fat guys on a plane .
let s have one more drink , and then i will take you back home .
when i was a child , i played catch with my father .
the judge handed down a sentence of five years hard labor .
tom gave mary some money to help her buy her mother a christmas present .
i cannot thank you enough for all your kindness .
i never thought i would have to support such a large family .
do you go to school on foot every day ?
i just did what i thought you would want me to do .
the laundry that i hung up was on the clothesline for three days .
i did not know you wanted to work for me .
it is been a long time since i have written anyone a letter .
it is better to walk back than to get lost .
you can lead a horse to water , but you cannot make him drink .
do you really think you can learn to speak french fluently in three months ?
since there was not much time to spare , she took a taxi .
you need to have exact change to pay the toll of the expressway .
i have a few things i want to make clear .
your wife called and she wants you to get a pizza on the way home .
tom went christmas caroling with other members of his church choir .
did you go to your dance class this afternoon ?
i would like two scoops of ice cream in a cone , please .
i do not think i will ever be forgiven for doing that .
are you going to give tom anything for christmas ?
who s that cute girl i saw you with at the mall ?
i have no intention of meddling in your affairs .
no one has time for that sort of thing .
if you look , you will notice that he is turning left .
tom always dresses in black or some other dark color .
he gives me a phone call every now and then .
i walk my dog in the park every morning .
the soccer game will be played , even if it rains .
he is hailed as the father of modern anthropology .
tom made a list of things he wanted to do before he died .
i do not know why they do it , but they do .
he never believes in paying any more for a thing than is necessary .
since it is nice out , i would like to go take a walk .
i think it is sad to not have any friends .
in the middle of the table stood a vase of roses .
tom said he thought that pair of shoes were too expensive .
is there a picture of tom in that album ?
you have the freedom to travel wherever you like .
do you want me to fix your broken shovel or do not you ?
he was respected both as a teacher and as a man .
the storm kept us from searching for the missing child .
love of money is the root of all evil .
tom told everyone he did not know what to do .
did she go to the station to see her teacher off ?
if the phone rings again , i plan to ignore it .
i wish i could go with you , but as it is , i cannot .
there was a long line at the womengs restrooms .
i do not think tom knows why mary went to the hospital .
i do not particularly want to be here at all .
the horse is very docile and is ideal for beginner riders .
what are some foods you usually eat with a spoon ?
since you did the cooking , i will do the dishes .
i know lots of people want to do that .
we will go to any length to send our child to a good university .
a debugger is a program which allows you to find errors in source code .
we looked at the sky , but could not see any stars .
it was the end of winter , and the weather was very cold .
you should always wear a seat belt when you are riding in a car .
i wish i had a little more time to finish this .
i was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin .
eat a live frog every morning , and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day .
you had better ask him which way to take .
can i get a cup of coffee to go ?
this stone was too heavy for me to lift .
this climate is having a bad effect on your health .
a man came in and sat on the stool next to her .
every time i went to his house , he was not at home .
their marriage has been strained lately because of financial problems .
there s still a fair bit of work to be done .
i had a snack before i went back to work .
the typhoon knocked down a tree in my yard .
he said he would give us his decision for sure by friday .
i missed a step on the stairs and i am afraid i sprained my ankle .
you do not need to be in such a hurry .
he was strong enough to help his father on the farm .
tom does not have mary s address in boston , but he has her phone number .
thanks to the bad weather , the game was canceled .
where are your books ? they are on the desk .
i think it is time for me to buy a new camera .
i told you not to tell that to anyone .
do you think we will be able to do this without any help ?
this is not my umbrella . it belongs to someone else .
you ought to keep working while you have your health .
tom rinsed off the plates and put them into the dishwasher .
tom is the only one who knows the combination for the safe .
i did not think we would be able to get in .
i would be surprised if they asked me to give a speech .
tom spoiled the movie for mary by telling her how it ends .
my parents threw me out of the house when i was .
if there s anything at all that you do not understand , you can ask me anytime .
i thought it would be hard to do that .
the scientist is famous both at home and abroad .
i realize the effort you have put into this project and i really appreciate it .
tom does not want to go to bed right now .
i do not think that you should quit your job .
in the near future , space travel will no longer be just a dream .
the size of a mangs laundry bill is no criterion of his income .
tom made a list of places he wants to visit .
i cannot believe i did not even think of that .
it is been a long time since i have written anything .
i did not want to spend any more time in jail .
i do not think anyone has lived in this house for years .
there were no customers , so we closed the shop early .
i may have told you such a thing , but i do not remember it at all .
he said that he had met her a week before .
mary is still as beautiful as she was when she was a teenager .
it will take longer to tell you how to do it than to just go ahead and do it myself .
right now , all i want to do is sleep for a few hours .
tom does not like the way mary looks at him .
the more chocolate you eat , the fatter you will get .
there is a museum just north of the zoo .
his joke made all the class burst into laughter .
there is an urgent need for food and water .
the game was called off on account of the rain .
if i would had a little more money , i would have bought it .
a molecule of water is made up of one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms .
it is interesting to hear from someone in a different field .
add a few words before i seal the letter .
food must be chewed well to be digested properly .
not a day seems to pass without newspapers reporting the war .
it was nice of you to come all this way to see me .
she lived in the suburbs of tokyo when she was young .
do you spend most of your time worrying about things that do not matter so much ?
i picked up the broken glass as carefully as i could .
tom was about to kiss mary when her father walked into the room .
does this mean that we have to file bankruptcy ?
let s sit here for a while and look at the view .
he never recovered from the death of his son .
can you imagine what life would be like without television ?
i just wanted to get here as fast as possible .
he has two daughters , both of whom are married to doctors .
they stopped talking as soon as i came into the room .
i want an explanation and i want it now .
i doubt that tom has the courage to do what really needs to be done .
it will take her at least two years to be qualified for that post .
today my wife and i are celebrating our twentieth wedding anniversary .
many countries have signed a treaty to eliminate nuclear weapons .
hey man , take it easy . i am just messing with you .
i think it is time for me to step aside .
the sun is at the center of our solar system .
the letters tom wrote to mary were returned unopened .
tom stayed up all night . now he is too tired to work .
he has not been heard from since he left the country .
the majority of big banks are introducing this system .
she looks young , but as a matter of fact she is older than you are .
i used to play with a couple of boys .
the population of new york is smaller than that of tokyo .
if peace cannot be maintained with honor , it is no longer peace .
i thought you might like to know who s coming over for dinner .
tom was there for me when i really needed someone .
my father was about to leave when the telephone rang .
the purpose of a conclusion is to sum up the main points of the essay .
you have friends who can help you , do not you ?
tom and mary helped their mother decorate the christmas tree .
interest will begin to accrue after the first year .
in the digital age , handwriting is slowly becoming a lost art .
he gives us a lot of trouble , but i like him all the same .
you are not allowed to turn left on this street .
never did i expect to see her in such a place .
there are a lot of weeds in your garden .
from a distance , that stone looks like a persongs face .
i did not want you to tell tom about what we did .
if you do not keep your promises , people will not take you seriously .
mother looked at me with tears in her eyes .
no one knows how many people died in that battle .
even though i put on sunscreen , i got really sunburned .
she claims that she knows nothing about him , but i do not believe her .
if you want to ask a question , please raise your hand .
my boss has the ability to read books very fast .
i cannot stand it here any longer . i need a change of scenery .
since there were no customers , we closed the shop early .
when would you have time to come over and help me move my piano ?
i had not waited long before the bus came .
i know it is not what you suggested , but it was all i could do .
it was courteous of him to write a letter of thanks .
weather permitting , we will go on a picnic tomorrow .
when i grow up , i want to be a pastry chef .
i will never tell anyone where i have hidden the treasure .
it is difficult to translate a poem into another language .
i am one of the thirty people who want to do that .
tom is swimming with his kids in the pool .
i do not want to respect a man like him .
he is regarded as the best doctor in the village .
will it be necessary for us to buy a book for this class ?
a horseshoe and a four leaf clover bring good luck .
he always leaves the window open when he sleeps .
i saw you out here by yourself and thought you might like someone to talk to .
i bought flowers because my grandmother is coming today for a visit .
it always takes time to get used to a new place .
there is a pair of scissors on the desk .
tom was the one who taught me how to sing country music .
i did not know i was adopted until i was thirteen .
my dog is blind , but he loves to go out for a walk .
if you have a fever , you should go to the hospital right away .
when tom stopped for a stop sign , his engine stalled .
if god is with us , then who is against us ?
i found that he was turned over to the police .
i have not eaten anything all day , but i do not feel hungry .
we enjoyed watching the fireworks on a bridge last summer .
i think that that book is not so interesting .
i must think over the matter before giving my answer .
i have changed . i am not the same man i used to be .
the boy fell off the bicycle and fractured his skull .
an old man sat next to me on the bus .
forks go to the left side of the plate , and knives go to the right .
tom has just finished writing a letter to mary .
there s nothing more important to me than my family .
no matter how hard i try , i cannot remember how to do it .
just because tom said he did not have a key does not mean it is true .
i do not know if we are going to make it on time .
the boy tried to saw off the dead branch .
he still has not returned the book he borrowed from the library .
a lot of young people your age are already working and have a family .
why did not you kiss mary ? she would not let me .
i would like to give him a present for his birthday .
we cannot tell a good person from a bad one by looks alone .
tom helped mary get into to the car and drove her to the hospital .
fortunately , common sense prevailed and the strike was called off .
do you want me to tell tom that we will not do that ?
you are probably too young to understand why we have to do this .
i know mary is more beautiful than i am .
i hear the hubbub of the children in the background .
i am not even sure if this is my key .
could you show me how to use a snorkel ?
yesterday it was so cold that i stayed in the house .
all i want to do is sit here and drink this bottle of wine with you .
i have to go to the dentist after school .
i would like to sing a song for you that i just wrote .
one s success in life has little to do with one s inborn gift .
fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health .
i do not like talking about this kind of thing .
we are in the second week of an unrelenting heat wave .
tom was a very good banjo player before he had to have three of his fingers amputated .
did any of you gentlemen wait on this man ?
she lost her father when she was three years old .
the prince asked the little girl why she was crying .
this app automatically signs you in when you open it .
i thought your dad took away your credit card .
if for some reason a man stopped thinking , that man would no longer be a man .
the urban population in most developing countries is increasing very fast .
i wish we could have met under better circumstances .
could you please pull the weeds and water the flowers ?
do not make fun of her . she just chugged three bottles of beer .
the capital of mexico is the largest city in latin america .
all you have to do is to make a comment .
do you have any idea how important your test grades are ?
i do not really feel like eating ethiopian food tonight .
if your child drinks poison , rush him to the hospital .
we had lived there for ten years when the war broke out .
my mother faints every time she sees a mouse .
what is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden .
i must confer with my colleagues on the matter .
he has given up smoking for the sake of his health .
in , britain gave grenada autonomy over its internal affairs .
i do not know how long it is going to take .
i always make it a point to paint things as they are .
my mother is always poking her nose into my private life .
i found it difficult to keep a diary every day .
i found it difficult to understand what he was saying .
what language do you use when you talk with your parents ?
do you want to see what i just made ?
on a clear day , you can see mt . fuji .
have you finished writing that song you have been working on ?
tom is still wearing his wedding ring , even though he is not married anymore .
no sinner is ever saved after the first twenty minutes of a sermon .
do you think you could climb to the top of this tree ?
i agree with you that we should try again .
i do not think you will be able to persuade tom to do that .
i did not go to school because i was sick .
do not forget to buy some bread on the way home .
i have been asked to give a speech about astronomy .
this form looks kind of complicated . help me fill it out .
i am staying with my uncle for the time being , but later i will move to a small apartment .
i do not think we will find anyone who can do that for us .
the wright brothers succeeded in flying an airplane driven by an engine .
since when are you two on a first name basis ?
there should be more national hospitals for old people .
the mail train lost most of its mail in the fire .
i thought he loved you , but as it is , he loved another girl .
perhaps i should take an umbrella with me just in case .
if you do not want to go to that party , you do not have to .
i did not know why i would been chosen to do that .
we have done that twice in the last three months .
i refuse to be taken in by her guile .
do you think i am the one who did this ?
i tried to do everything that i could to stop tom .
my whole body was one big bruise after the rugby game .
tom told mary that he had never really intended to do that .
will the project be completed on time ? i can guarantee it .
i really do hope that you will do that without complaining .
if you cannot fix the pipe , we will have to call a plumber .
do not you think that tom was a little weird ?
if you tell the truth , you do not have to remember anything .
he was a brave warrior who had spent most of his life fighting his enemies .
it is unfortunate that dogs and cats do not live as long as humans .
if i were in your place , i would not do so .
i was unable to breathe because of the smoke .
i feel very sick . i want to throw up .
my sister is not a good cook , and neither am i .
i want to talk with you when you are dressed .
what if you gave a speech and nobody came ?
our fire alarm sometimes goes off when my mother is cooking something in the kitchen .
there are many good reasons not to do it .
his story was so funny that everyone could not help laughing .
i have not decided yet if i want to go .
you are still too young to get a driver s license .
i need to tell my wife i will be late .
my mom yells at me all the time for no reason .
tom learned how to swim when he was very young .
among the guests invited to the party were two foreign ladies .
i learned on the job , just like everyone else .
six percent home loans represent the industry average now .
i dropped by the bookstore and bought an interesting book .
if you are not with us then you are against us .
for your own safety , never ride in a car with a drunk driver .
because i live near the school , i come home for lunch .
he rescued the dog at the risk of his own life .
when she saw that they had no schools , she started one .
his death was a great loss to our country .
what person does everyone take off his hat to ?
i think it is highly unlikely that you will be able to do that by yourself .
my uncle gave me a book yesterday . this is the book .
if you question his sincerity , do not ask for his help .
you cannot beat me , tom . i have been playing tennis since i was a kid .
i do not know how to pronounce tom s last name .
i came upon an old friend of mine on the train .
last night someone broke into the small shop near my house .
i do not have a choice . i have to do it .
it is hard for an old man to change his way of thinking .
tom was probably the shortest person in the room .
the only thing i want to do right now is sleep .
at christmas she went out of her way to buy me a really nice model plane .
now that you are grown up , you must not behave like a child .
he is not the sharpest knife in the drawer .
have you told any of this to the police ?
do not you think it odd that she was in such a hurry ?
it is said that japanese people do not celebrate christmas the way americans do .
tom did everything within his power to save the children that were trapped in the burning building .
i will be out of town for a week or two .
my father loves doing some tinkering in the garage .
mary said she wished i was more like tom .
you can watch tv after you have done your homework .
i will have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow .
some tv programs are interesting , and others are not .
what do you have to add to to get ?
i have no time to explain this in detail .
what do you think is the best way to get to tom s house from here ?
i have been on friendly terms with him for more than twenty years .
i remember it as if it were yesterday , but in reality it was fifteen years ago .
i cannot bring myself to do such a thing .
please be on time . i always am , are not i ?
this is the watch that i lost a week ago .
i wonder whether tom will really get here on time .
she would rather listen to others than talk herself .
where were you on the night of october th ?
the contestants are gearing up for the final round of competition .
a room without books is like a body without a soul .
i was nervous at first , but gradually got more relaxed .
the last time i met tom and mary they did not have any children .
we did not have to do that , but we did .
many cancer patients lose their hair because of chemotherapy .
if you ever feel like doing that , go ahead and do it .
it takes you an hour to go to the station on foot .
i have never been to boston . however , i have been in chicago .
you should be able to do this by yourself .
i knew tom could not swim as well as me .
hand washing is recommended to prevent the spread of contagious diseases like a coronavirus .
before going home , i have a few drinks to relax .
i cannot tell you what we did last night .
if you have any difficulty , ask me for help .
i cannot put up with his bad manners any longer .
i make it a rule not to watch television after nine o clock .
i am not in the mood to do that today .
he is inclined to look at everything from the standpoint of its practicality and is neither stingy nor extravagant .
she saved her baby s life at the risk of losing her own .
i was taken in by his good looks and gracious manners .
are you sure you do not want me to go with you ?
the nurse tied a rubber tube around my arm before he drew blood .
i would like you to look after my dog while i am away .
reflect on it a while . you will see i am right .
he could show his feeling with music instead of words .
what you have just said reminds me of an old saying .
i was just wondering how you guys ever got talking about this topic .
i would be delighted if they asked me to give a speech .
friends are easy to find , but they are hard to keep .
how many spoonfuls of sugar do you usually put in your tea ?
my friend ended up taking the rap for a crime he did not commit .
he was deep in debt , and had to part with his house .
in this day and age , not too much surprises me .
do not forget to attach your photo to the application form .
i got to the bus stop just in time .
you should really tell tom not to do that .
alcohol affects you more quickly on an empty stomach .
among the items found in the purse was the photo of a man .
you are not old enough to get a driver s license .
i do not like snack bars . they are expensive , noisy , and full of the smell of tobacco and fried food .
tom has contributed a lot of money to charity .
it is hard to tell the difference between the truth and lies .
tom poured mary a cup of coffee and topped off his own .
she explained to him why she was late for his party .
i knew i wanted you the moment i saw you .
tom could not come see us for christmas , so we went to see him .
i want a book to read on the train .
eggs are usually sold by the dozen in america .
you sort of hinted that you wanted me to ask you out .
yes , i am the person who called you last night .
how far is it from new york to london ?
i canceled my hotel reservations and stayed with friends .
i have not had time to look for what you wanted .
i think it would be a good idea to go home early .
the hotel we stayed at last summer is near the lake .
i do not see why i have to go to your house at midnight .
we can get a beautiful view of the sea from the hill .
it will not be hard for us to do that .
i will give you an answer in a day or two .
never in my wildest dreams did i ever think you would go out with me .
he studied as hard as anybody in his class .
tom and mary were always fighting when they were younger .
i will ask him where he went last sunday .
we lost a lot of good players at the end of last season .
i will meet you at the station at a . m .
go straight down the road , and when you pass the traffic light you are there .
what you see above the water is just the tip of the iceberg .
i played an interesting game of chess against the computer last week .
you have got my sunglasses and i want them back .
we cannot offer a further price reduction under the current circumstances .
i was so excited that i could not fall asleep .
i do not want to see him , let alone go out with him .
we are fully aware of the importance of the situation .
we cannot do anything until we get back to the office .
i was born the same day as my dog .
i can hear you , but i cannot see you .
there is a rumor that gold has been found in the valley .
is this a good time to buy a house ?
it was not difficult to pretend to be my mother .
it was so hot i took my coat off .
it was really considerate of you to lend me when i was in difficulties .
you have to go the rest of the way without me .
tom has been putting on some weight yeah , i noticed that .
he was made to do it against his will .
tom told me why he was not able to do that .
i looked in my closet for something to wear , but could not find anything appropriate for the occasion .
we have to figure out a way to get this job finished by monday .
how much time does she need to translate this book ?
i thought you used to live in a trailer .
i want to clean the house before my parents return .
i know you are busy , but i could use some help .
i lost my passport . i will have to get a new one .
you can go there , but you will need to be careful the whole time .
i know that i cannot do that as well as you .
you will never be able to keep it a secret .
i just want to make sure that his offer has no strings attached .
someone broke into our house while we were asleep .
these three hours of driving have worn me out . let s stop at the first rest area we see .
i am not as smart as people think i am .
why do so many people suffer from low self esteem ?
a museum is a great place to find a date .
we have a lot of great guys on our team .
the police have been searching for the stolen goods for almost a month .
i want to be able to walk down this street without worrying about getting shot .
when i see him , i think of my grandfather .
it is bad weather , to be sure , but we have seen worse .
could you wake me tomorrow morning at a quarter to seven , please ?
do you think tom s new business will be successful ? it is too soon to tell .
in the future , many workers will be replaced by robots .
you were dying , but the doctor saved your life .
no one will lay a finger on you as long as i live .
this shirt is too small for me to wear .
you look thinner than you did the last time i saw you .
if you would prefer a room closer to the convention center , please let us know .
i met an old student of mine in london .
i was wondering when you were going to tell me that .
it looks like i came at a bad time .
how many years has it been since you have had a girlfriend ?
you still have not told me what your phone number is .
he has no right to interfere in our family affairs .
she listens to him even though no one else does .
i refused to eat until my parents came home .
the frail old man stubbornly refused to make use of a wheelchair .
i have not had this much fun in a long time .
did you choose an interesting book for your son ?
i do not need them to do me any favors .
our project did not get off the ground until he joined the company .
where are tom and mary ? they are on their way .
i have a bottle of beer in my backpack .
how far can you stick your finger up your nose ?
i am so tired that i cannot walk any longer .
they rented the room on the second floor to a student .
i was right on the spot when it happened .
it is important to get the carbon to nitrogen ratio right in a compost heap .
i have waited two whole hours . i cannot wait any longer .
he listened to the news on the radio as he fed his dog .
anticipating a cold winter , we bought a bigger stove .
our mountains are not really very high . yours are much bigger .
the foreman docked me an hour s pay for getting to work late .
i can give you a copy of the report , but i cannot vouch for its accuracy .
if you do not want to come , you do not have to .
conditions for termination of the agreement are listed on the last page .
if tom had had something to throw , he would have thrown it .
my shoes are too small . i need new ones .
children often want to do things that are dangerous without knowing that they are dangerous .
i get very angry when you do not answer my questions .
he writes a daily journal , and that inspired me to try doing the same thing , but in english .
not everything that you read on the internet is true .
the mere thought of it is enough to make me happy .
when the chips are down , the only one you can count on is yourself .
draft beer tastes especially good on a hot day .
it is up to you to see to it that such a thing does not happen .
sales have dropped off at every big department store .
sorry for not answering your question . i did not see it .
what is at issue in this debate is the survival of our planet .
she wrote to him to tell him how wonderful he was .
there will be an energy crisis in the near future .
she was superstitious , as the people of that period usually were .
that is the difference between a hedgehog and a porcupine ?
the wall was covered with pictures of gunshot victims .
tom could not attend the meeting because he was sick .
he set out to do something that had never been done before .
i have been so busy this past week that i have hardly had time to relax .
i cannot focus on two things at the same time .
i kept him company while his wife was in surgery .
he expected that their talk was going to be long .
jump across the ditch . i will if you will .
words cannot express the extent to which you are wrong .
he has been suffering from a bad cold . she is very anxious about his health .
this is one of the most bizarre things i have ever seen .
i showed tom the postcard i got from mary .
nothing is more disappointing than to lose in the finals .
no one i know can afford to eat out anymore .
the beach is an ideal place for children to play .
the police demanded that the criminal hand over the gun to them .
could we get a bottle of your best champagne ?
i read this book a couple of years ago .
i do not know why they hate each other so much .
driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck .
do not let the truth get in the way of a good story .
the poor little girl did nothing but sob all day .
if i knew her name and address , i could write to her .
the only thing that matters is that you were not injured .
i was not aware that you were feeling so bad .
give me your word that you will not do that .
we did not have to do that , but we wanted to .
did they get the law passed ? yes , they finally put it through .
i wonder if he will stand by me when i am in trouble .
when i got my driver s license renewed , i had to decide if i wanted to be an organ donor .
tom said he would not mind sleeping on the floor .
whether rains or not , the game is going to be held .
there are a lot of poodles under the couch .
she thought she could get him to like her .
there was a curtain which was covering the door .
there s no danger of this lamp setting fire to the curtains .
please step up here , then sit on this table .
do you eat it with a spoon or a fork ?
when i was young , my father often talked to me about the golden pavilion .
a bystander videotaped the police beating using their cell phone .
tom said he would like to have another cup of coffee .
it was obvious tom did not want to buy it .
you must do that by the end of the week .
tom whispered something into mary s ear and she smiled .
i got off with a slap on the wrist .
we will go to hong kong first , and then we will go to singapore .
he gave up his attempt once and for all .
i do not feel like working today , so let s go play soccer .
i would like a large slice of cake and a cup of coffee .
please ask the secretary to stock the office supplies in the storage room .
is it true that tom was here all day yesterday ?
i never thought it would be this easy to hack into your website .
the boy was absent from school yesterday because he was sick .
her ability to write with her foot is amazing .
it saddens me to see how much you have misunderstood us .
when i arrived at the station , the train had already left .
i have to take a bus to go anywhere .
six months ago i had an operation for the cataract in my right eye .
i would not want to get thrown into a situation like that .
he ran the risk of being caught and imprisoned .
three fourths of the earth s surface is covered with water .
i want to live in either boston or chicago .
i left a note on your door this morning .
tom did not seem surprised to see mary at the concert .
tom says he knows mary will not pass her french test .
i would have shown you how to do it right .
i would love to be able to spend less time doing household chores .
you will never know whether you can do it or not if you do not try .
in case of an earthquake , turn off the gas .
i would like to go through just one day without being told i look like my brother .
tom is probably just a little younger than mary .
i received a telegram saying that my uncle had arrived .
are you sure you do not want a cup of coffee ?
i do not remember exactly where i put my keys .
tom always drinks his coffee black with no sugar .
i have looked everywhere , but i cannot find my wallet .
do you think what she said is a lie ?
i am so happy , i feel like i could fly .
i caught him by the arm before he could fall .
she got over the shock of her father s death .
i do not know where i put my cell phone .
i want to buy this material for a new dress . how much does it cost ?
all you have to do is to meet her .
she has lived alone ever since her husband died .
human beings differ from other animals in that they can speak and laugh .
he was lying on his back on the beach .
all you have to do is wash the dishes .
i have been wanting to tell you this for a long time .
it is extremely hot and humid in bali in december .
on my way home , i came across an old friend .
the chairperson has been associated with the organization for ten years .
it is costly and politically difficult to continue this conflict .
everybody in the room let out a sigh of relief .
i have something to tell you . i am your brother .
he dreaded having to spend christmas in the hospital .
i wanted you to understand what you are up against .
i worked in a post office during the summer vacation .
that is the name of the highest mountain in germany ?
how can i get my toddler to eat vegetables ?
i am not the one who should be doing this .
for some reason , people have been avoiding me like the plague ever since i got back from india .
i thought there was no one in the kitchen .
would you mind shutting the door ? no , not at all .
they say she is the kindest woman on earth .
what is important in writing a composition is to make your ideas clear .
my hands are tied . i cannot do anything about that .
i ran into an old friend of mine this morning .
i liked walking alone on the deserted beach in the evening .
tom said that he would be a few minutes late .
what makes you think you will not be able to do it ?
tom turned over a new leaf when he met mary .
do you feel like you cannot connect with other people ?
daddy , i cannot walk any more . could you give me a piggyback ride ?
if you turn to the left , you will see a white building .
anyone over eighteen years of age counts as an adult .
i think it is time to wind up this meeting .
i found it necessary to get up early every morning .
he wrote his comments in the margin of the composition .
nobody having anything more to say , the meeting was closed .
i want each of you to tell me exactly what you did last weekend .
tom is three years older than you , is not he ?
can you think of any reason why that might be the case ?
much as i would like to come , i am afraid i will be too busy .
you should have told him about it while he was here .
zurich is the second largest gold market in the world after london .
machines that his company produces are superior to ours .
you are free to do as you please with your money .
she always speaks to him in a loud voice because he is hard of hearing .
we cannot add days to our life , but we can add life to our days .
it is hard to find a good job these days .
tom gave mary a gift certificate on her birthday .
she shook the rug to get dust out of it .
if you are wrong , admit it . if you are right , be quiet .
i asked her to call me at five o clock .
they had been thinking about it for some time .
i do not want to go if you do not go with me .
they will not allow me to do what i am being paid to do .
how many hotels do you think there are in boston ?
tom lives two houses down from mary . that is pretty close .
she made up for lost time by working hard .
have you had a thorough medical checkup within the last year ?
it is okay as long as no one finds out about it .
the baby was sleeping soundly in his mother s arms .
i will lend you any book that i have , as long as you keep it clean .
there s a hole in the bottom of the bucket .
i knew there had to be a better way .
what do you say we buy everyone a drink ?
if he had stayed at home that day , he would not have met with disaster .
try not to spend so much time complaining about things you cannot change .
i think it must have been tom who broke the window .
it is the dynamic interaction between the characters that makes this novel so great .
if i had eight hours to chop down a tree , i would spend the first six hours sharpening the ax .
she took advantage of our hospitality and stayed a whole month without paying us anything .
i do not recommend eating in that restaurant . the food is awful .
tom can reach me at this number any time of day .
i did not do that yesterday , so i have to do that today .
i wish we could hear what tom is saying .
pablo neruda was chile s ambassador to france in .
it is customary for waiters and waitresses to introduce themselves using only their first names .
please tell me what else i need to add .
tom will be absent today because he has a cold .
mixing with people at a party can be terrifying for shy people .
it was so hot that i thought i was going to pass out .
a dog that barks all the time does not make a good watch dog .
the sun is beating down and there s no shade in sight .
better to die on our feet , than to live on our knees .
do you know what tom does in his free time ?
the best cookies i have ever eaten are the ones that your mother baked for me .
i thought it was the right thing to do .
the only thing that matters is whether or not you can do the job .
i think you know where i want to go .
how many times did you help tom do that ?
i wanted to talk to you about what happened .
tom took another sip from his glass of beer .
there are a good many reasons why you should not do it .
how can i lower my high blood pressure without medication ?
i blame myself for a lot of what has happened .
the only golden rule is that he who has the gold makes the rules .
all you have to do to secure a seat is to wait in line .
tom has been shopping for christmas presents all day .
tom went into his room and closed the door .
could you please tell me again where you put the key ?
i thought it was unnecessary for us to do anything about that today .
he will not be able to escape from there without a miracle , will he ?
worrying is like paying a debt you do not owe .
it makes no difference whether you agree or not .
this is my first time , so i am a little nervous .
i am not rich , nor do i wish to be .
i hear a lot of girls wear bikinis at that beach .
as an englishman , he is particularly sensitive to the differences between english and american usage .
there are not enough doctors to give proper care to the children .
the week before christmas , many stores stay open late .
as soon as she got on the train , it pulled out of the station .
the round table was covered by a checkered tablecloth .
the bathtub was filled with hot water and flower petals .
she walked as fast as she could to catch up with him .
if i had known how to do it , i would have done it myself .
there is no end in sight to the u . s . trade deficit with japan .
my mom does not want me to play with you .
we will not be able to get there on time .
he could not get his ideas across to the students .
i do not have enough money to buy everything i need .
spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list .
as the date of the wedding approached , tom started having second thoughts .
my father used to say that time is money .
did i understand the gist of the question correctly ?
she was livid when she found out all the lies he would told her .
my parents said they have already purchased most of their christmas presents online .
i have never let my schooling interfere with my education .
i just did what you told me to do .
i would just like to thank all of you for your work .
tom flopped onto his bed and was soon fast asleep .
a white car has been tailing me for the last two miles .
how long does it take to get to the beach ?
how many times a week do you spend time doing fun stuff with your children ?
tom asked mary to go to the supermarket to get some milk .
a boy snatched my purse as he rode by on his bicycle .
tom fell asleep and missed the end of the movie .
tom took his clothes off and put them into the washing machine .
there are a lot of kids on the playground .
she left me simply because i had a small income .
with all your money , you should be able to buy just about anything you want .
he contends that nuclear weapons are necessary for national defense .
tom asked mary who had given her the picture .
tom held a small flashlight in his left hand .
i would like to ask you the same question once more .
freedom is so fundamental that its importance cannot be overemphasized .
not all of the passengers were wearing seat belts .
listen to your heart , and you will know it is true .
tom handed the key to mary and she opened the door .
you could learn a lot from them if you would only listen .
farmers defaulting on loans had to auction off their land .
do you want some water ? yeah , i would love some .
you had better not tell your father about the accident .
the exchange rate of the dollar versus the euro has declined .
i am on my way to visit a friend who s in the hospital .
this is the first time i have seen anything like this .
my dad gives me an allowance of a week .
he went to the airport to see her off .
i heard tom has come back from australia for christmas .
the noonday sun beat down with dazzling brightness on the tennis court .
this word is both a noun and a verb .
what do you say to playing tennis with me ?
the worst thing you can do is to only do something half seriously .
i thought you said we were not going to complain anymore .
i cannot believe you did all this without any help .
a passing car hit a puddle and splashed water all over me .
you may not believe it , but it is nonetheless true .
i am surprised i do not have to do what you have to do .
you should not have said that kind of thing to him .
tom remembered that mary and john had tried to kill him .
i do not know if i can make it to your party or not .
my mother goes to the market every day to buy things .
a putrid smell came up out of the hole in the ground .
tom is fishing for trout about a hundred meters downstream from here .
maybe i should not tell you this , but i am truly mesmerized by your beauty .
my three year old daughter asked me to take her to the park .
houses built with wood burn more easily than houses built out of stone .
let s meet in front of the main gate at .
you just need to press this button to take a picture .
we should consider the problem from a child s perspective .
was there a dead body in the room ? no , there was no body there .
the man put the gun against his forehead and squeezed the trigger .
it is very important to obey the traffic rules .
you do not seem to want to come with us .
he is the last person to speak ill of others .
i cannot remember the last time i laughed this much .
is there anything you want me to buy for you ?
tom was a truck driver before he became a race car driver .
he always left the problem of his childrengs education to his wife .
i wonder how i will pay the rent this month .
do not worry about your dog . i will take care of him .
we hit the hay early in order to get up at dawn .
i am not tall enough to reach the books on the top shelf .
get a move on kids or you will miss the school bus .
there are a lot of things i want to discuss with you .
i know it is not what you were hoping for , but here s all the money i can give you .
if god had meant for us to be naked , we would have been born that way .
i want to buy a pair of ski boots .
last year saw a big political change in japan .
i swear to you i will never do it again .
i thought about what a jerk i had been .
i guess you heard about what happened this morning .
i cannot tell you what an honor this is .
paper production remained a state secret for a long time .
i have no one else to turn to but you .
i do not have enough money to buy a new bicycle .
he did not answer the phone , so i sent him an email .
i was in the shower , so i did not hear the phone .
the more time i spend doing this , the less time i have to do things i enjoy doing .
he said that he was busy then , but that he would be free the next day .
i wanted to go outside and get a breath of fresh air .
tom did not want to play golf with mary s father .
i just do not want to be reminded of it .
would you ever go out with a guy who could not sing ?
last week my mother came down with the flu .
can you get it done before the end of the week ?
do not forget to pick me up at o clock tomorrow .
i think it is time for us to come to an agreement .
i was doing an impersonation of my boss when he showed up .
we are not going to have an office christmas party this year .
tom would not let me call an ambulance so i drove him to the hospital myself .
i can only stay with you for just a few days .
i did not have the heart to tell him the truth .
could we have a table in the non smoking section ?
stop beating around the bush and tell me what happened .
the teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to come with her .
how is it that you are always so full of energy ?
i know it is highly unlikely i will be able to convince you that you are wrong .
how many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror ?
i think it is time for me to show you how to do that properly .
he is buying some wood so that he can make a bookcase .
the assignment took me longer than i had expected .
tom has been eating at that restaurant since he was a teenager .
birds are singing here and there in the park .
it was one of the most rewarding experiences of my life .
tom and mary rearranged the furniture in their living room .
you should put aside some money for a rainy day .
do not pretend that you do not know what i am talking about .
i will be in the next room if you need me .
i cannot figure out why he did not tell the truth .
he had been living in nagano for seven years when his daughter was born .
i live with my mother , brother and my grandparents .
his wife being out , he cooked dinner for himself .
i did not know that i was supposed to do that .
students are impatient for the summer holidays to come .
car production in that year reached a record million vehicles .
i would advise you strongly to do what the boss asked you to do .
all you have to do is apologize for being late .
tom asked mary to teach him some useful phrases in french .
the workers came to ask about their pay raises .
i have to use a needle to inject this under your skin .
if tom was not so stupid , he would have understood quicker .
it requires more courage to suffer than to die .
how do you console a woman who has just lost her only child ?
i thought tom would leave the book with mary .
you are the only person who shows me any respect .
should i tell tom to ask mary to sing ?
i played video games after i finished my homework .
we took advantage of the fine weather to play tennis .
i am sure tom was just too busy to help .
the juggler wowed the crowd by keeping ten oranges up in the air .
the green lampshade casts a warm glow in the room .
the british had military bases along new york s hudson river .
he was covered in mud from head to foot .
look out for cars when you cross the road .
we very often only come to appreciate someone or our relationship with them when we lose them .
i want your answer by the end of the day .
education does not consist simply in learning a lot of facts .
it is taking us way too much time to get this job finished .
prince william is second in line to the english throne .
you might be the only one here who can do that .
all you have to do is push this button to take a picture .
the water will come to a boil in minutes or so .
have you still not finished paying for my bike ?
you are going to electrocute yourself if you are not careful .
you can see the whole park from the restaurant .
the air is bad here . will you open the window ?
i will come on wednesday evening unless i hear from you to the contrary .
i do not think tom knows how to do that .
my little brother ran through the living room stark naked .
it is recommended that you do not write your passwords down where others might see them .
i walk across that bridge every morning on the way to school .
mary thinks that the world is a dangerous place .
who s the person sitting at the other end of the table ?
why did you put off the printing of my book ?
you are not really going to join the army , are you ?
could you please speak a little bit more slowly ?
tom plays tennis with mary at least once a week .
is there something in the fridge we can drink ?
you cannot fix it . you should buy a new one .
it is dangerous to ride a motorbike without a helmet .
do not be so glum about it . life has its ups and downs .
i am not the person i used to be .
during rush hour , a bicycle is faster than a car .
i woke up in the middle of the night .
you do not get up as early as your sister , do you ?
i asked tom if he knew anybody who taught french .
for the time being , he is staying at a neighboring hotel .
if you do not want me to stay here , i will leave .
a lunar month is shorter than a calendar month .
he had such a bad headache that he had to cancel the meeting .
immediately after it caught fire , the chemical factory blew up .
tom tried to persuade me to go with him .
a car that you never took out of the garage would be of no value to you .
visitors are usually asked to remove their shoes before they enter a japanese house .
i know you have got more important things to do .
the first time i held my girlfriend s hand was in the haunted house .
she warned him not to go out at night alone .
as these trees grow tall , they rob the grass of light .
if you want to succeed in life , work hard .
do you usually turn on the tv as soon as you get home ?
when you get on the highway , shift into fifth gear .
do you listen to the radio at home every day ?
i may have met him somewhere before , but i cannot recall where .
you should really lay off that . it will ruin your health .
i like this picture , not just because it is famous , but because it really is a masterpiece .
tom was a very good friend until he stole my girlfriend .
i will ask him where he is planning to go during the vacation .
tom is very busy every afternoon , but he often has some free time in the morning .
she advised him of the date for the next meeting .
i never for a moment imagined we would not get home before the storm hit .
i do not get paid very much to do that .
i know how proud you are of your work .
i saw a dirty dog coming into the garden .
my uncle lived in washington , d . c . for two years .
whether he agrees or not , we will not change our plans .
tom and mary spent a year traveling around the world .
tom has not eaten anything in the past hours .
tom wanted mary to know he did not hate her .
a bird is known by its song and a man by his way of talking .
you did not like to do that when you were a kid , did you ?
if all goes according to plan , i should be back home again tomorrow night .
tom spent all of his christmases at home with his family .
tom did not want to come here , but he came anyway .
do you have any idea when those pictures might have been taken ?
i have no interest in putting my money into your dreams .
tom is heating up a piece of yesterday s pizza in the microwave .
a good team is a group of individuals who work together to achieve a common goal .
a nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse .
is there anything else you can tell us that might help ?
i thought he was an american but he turned out to be an englishman .
a great number of citizens went into the army .
a liter of milk contains about thirty grams of protein .
i do not usually eat breakfast because i would rather sleep as late as i can .
do you mind if i take my shirt off ?
last night there was a fire near here , and i could not sleep .
in order to lose weight , it is best to take up some sport .
speaking of last night , what time did you get home ?
what do you want to see while you are here ?
i can see a strange blue bird on the roof .
she has three times as many dictionaries as you do .
there is very little probability of an agreement being reached .
i like children . that is why i became a teacher .
my songs short attention span is causing him problems at school .
she ran over her lines once before she went on stage .
i want to give you some money to help you through these hard times .
you do not have to go unless you want to .
have i told you how i broke my leg ?
if you cannot solve this problem , ask your teacher .
october is tom s favorite month , and perhaps mine , too .
the delay forced us to stay overnight in an expensive hotel .
thank you very much for lending me when i was having difficulty making ends meet .
tom has spent a lot of time studying french .
we had to gear our lives to the new circumstances .
i would like tom to spend some time with our children .
i bought this book at the bookstore in front of the station .
i never stay anywhere long enough to make friends .
tom told me that mary would be ready to do that .
i burned the roof of my mouth eating pizza .
his intelligence and experience enabled him to deal with the trouble .
i do not think tom has anything in his bag .
how many times a week do you do that ?
the board unanimously decided to appoint her as ceo .
the captain is responsible for the safety of passengers .
do not waste your youth , otherwise you will regret it later .
have you gotten used to eating japanese food yet ?
every student was asked his or her name and birthplace .
i do hope tom does what he says he will do .
she asked him to help her father clean the garage .
the only thing that matters is that we are all together .
it will take some time , but i think i will be able to learn how to play the guitar .
i do not want there to be any chance of our missing the train .
as soon as i can afford to buy a house , i will .
you still have a lot to learn about women .
driver fatigue is a major cause of car accidents .
the lock on my drawer had been tampered with and some of my papers were missing .
i sincerely hope that you will soon recover from your illness .
do you think a little salt would improve the flavor ?
small businesses are often absorbed by a major company .
i have been wearing this overcoat for more than five years .
the teacher asked me how the moon differs from the earth .
how many audiobooks do you have on your ipod ?
i did not know you were such a good cook .
have you already decided where you will be spending christmas ?
after working all week , we took it easy on sunday .
tom was horrified when he noticed that his daughter had had her tongue pierced .
tom did not want mary to see him in handcuffs .
i would not have sung that song if i would known it would make tom cry .
what is that big building in front of us ?
since my nephew was still young , he was let off the hook .
i tried my best , but i still lost the race .
i am surprised tom does not know how to sing at least one song in french .
i suspect they water down the beer in that pub .
are you worried about any major problems other than your current situation ?
sane people are more of a threat to mentally ill people than vice versa .
i could not have done that if you had not been helping me .
tom , could you shut up for just ten seconds ?
i am a deeply religious man and believe in life after death .
tom and mary do not like the same kind of music .
scientists are fighting to stem the spread of the aids virus .
it is too difficult a problem for me to solve .
this photo is too blurry . i cannot make out your face .
their communication may be much more complex than we thought .
why do you think soccer is not popular in the us ?
my cousin is not the kind of person who would ever break a promise .
he never goes out fishing without taking his son .
i just want to be left alone for a while .
when the curtain went up , the stage was dark .
after three hours in the casino , he is , in the hole .
japan does a lot of trade with the usa .
i am sorry i did not make it to your party .
to reduce misunderstandings we should learn the techniques for communicating successfully .
tom knew the truth , but he did not let anyone know that he knew it .
we will not be able to pull this off without some help .
as is often the case with him , he came late .
he loves a banquet , provided he is not expected to make a speech .
the cows were moving very slowly through the long green grass .
i am sure that is not what you want to do .
all the doctor s efforts were in vain and the man soon died .
the value of the coins depended on the weight of the metal used .
tom spent most of the morning straightening up his office .
please remember to wake me up at seven tomorrow morning .
the youngest child spent every morning at a nursery .
the beatles gave five concerts in tokyo in .
he was dismissed by the boss of the factory .
they say that a family that eats together , stays together .
the doctor was not sure what the trouble was .
this book is mine , but the one on the table is yours .
have you recently changed your soap or laundry detergent ?
mt . fuji is covered with snow in the winter .
she went for a walk with him this morning .
tom did not want to become an architect like his dad .
every time cigarettes go up in price , many people try to give up smoking .
he is not aggressive enough to succeed in business .
his height is a great advantage when he plays volleyball .
i have no idea how to use this thing .
are you content with your position in the company ?
do not forget the fact that smoking is bad for your health .
i thought you said you did not want to be disturbed .
my mother taught me how to make miso soup .
i left some stuff i need in the car .
i will stay for a while longer if you do not mind .
you have no idea who that is , do you ?
i am afraid this kind of meeting is not getting us anywhere .
are you the one that asked me to be here ?
i checked into a hotel and went right to sleep .
i would like to sit in the non smoking section .
how much more does it cost to return the rental car to another location ?
you do not know why tom did not come yesterday , do you ?
they knew they must fight together to defeat the common enemy .
i just want to make enough money to feed my family .
you want me to wash my hands first , do not you ?
it is time for me to get my eyes checked .
an hour has sixty minutes , and a minute has sixty seconds .
the more foolish a child is , the cuter he seems to his parents .
tom has to speak french every day at work .
it is very careless of you to leave the door open .
i have nothing in particular to say about this situation .
it was almost a decade ago , on may th , , that mount st . helens erupted .
tom always goes back home to boston for christmas .
he was my student . now he teaches my children .
i will let you off this time , but i do not ever want to catch you stealing again .
i will be through with the book in no time .
tom does not have a cat . however , tom does have a dog , does not he ?
i do not plan to get divorced from you unless you give me a valid reason .
tom knew that he would not be able to finish the report by .
would you mail this letter for me on your way to school ?
tickets are , parking is free and children under ten receive free admission .
the temperature has been below zero for many days now .
hey , wait a minute , are you thinking what i am thinking ?
tom first met mary at a cafe in boston .
i cannot tell you any more . i have already said too much .
when was the last time that you did something for the first time ?
tom got to his feet and went to the door .
i kept the i found in the street .
i asked her if she could go to the party .
tom wears a kilt when he plays the bagpipes .
i do not have the authority to give you permission .
after i graduated from college , i got a job with my father s company .
when i got home , i had a nice , ice cold shower .
i am sorry , but i do not want to talk about it .
she spends a majority of her time taking care of her children .
a sneeze leaves your body at forty miles an hour .
i would not do that for all the money in the world .
tom took his new car out for a spin .
do you have a file in the tool chest ?
i think it is time for you to grow up .
i went to see a movie with tom after work .
have you been told the reasons why we did not hire you ?
this is the most massive structure i have ever seen .
my dog ate a paper towel . i wonder if he will get sick .
why did not you try to get your money back ?
i never realized you were interested in japanese art .
there are a lot of beautiful places in japan .
the company presented him with a gold watch on the day he retired .
i am afraid i cannot make myself understood in french .
man is the only animal that blushes . or needs to .
she watched him continue to fight as hard as he could .
i opened the window to let in some fresh air .
he enjoys wandering around the forest in his spare time .
i do not remember you asking me to do that .
the prime minister hinted at the possibility of an early election .
suddenly , there was a period of terrible violence and hatred between blacks and whites .
keep an eye on my suitcase while i buy my ticket .
every day , my brother borrows a new book from the library .
i think you do not have enough money to buy that .
i found this book interesting from start to finish .
if any harm comes to her , i will hold you personally responsible .
my uncle who lives in boston visited us last week .
i am not the same fool i was fifteen years ago .
are you blaming me for your lack of success ?
it is no use trying to solve this problem .
it seems like yesterday , but it is actually nearly ten years since we first met .
overtaxed heart , kidneys and liver are inevitable results of too much food .
it is true that he is young , but he is very reliable .
i am not a university student , but i am brighter than them .
i will be ok as long as i stay awake , will not i ?
how long does it take to go there by bus ?
do not you think we should at least give tom a call ?
you do not need to worry about such a thing .
could i please have one more can of beer ?
he had a traffic accident on his way to school .
do you know which deity this temple is dedicated to ?
i do not play tennis as much as i used to .
we stayed in a quaint bed and breakfast by the sea .
we would move to a bigger house if we had more money .
if i had taken that plane , i would be dead now .
the prisoner who escaped two days ago is still at large .
he drank the whisky as if it were water .
my father did not allow me to have a dog .
by the time she gets there , it will be nearly dark .
there has to be a first time for everything .
if you are going to start a new business , you need a business plan .
there s something about this translation that is not quite right .
it is cheap , but on the other hand it is not good .
do you mind if i turn off the ac ?
we hope to reach the summit before it gets dark .
maybe you do not know this , but nobody could ever take your place .
this morning i missed the train by five minutes .
tom ? what are you doing here ? i could ask you the same thing , mary .
he saved the boy at the risk of his own life .
i do not care how you do it . just do it .
all i want now is a glass of water .
there s a movie i want to watch on tv tomorrow night .
i was going to write to you , but i started doing other things and forgot .
did not you hear the voice in the next room ?
he will be groggy for another few hours until the drug wears off .
i have not told the kids yet that we are getting divorced .
i usually eat lunch at to avoid the rush .
the police followed up all their leads , but came up empty handed .
i think that tom may have a drinking problem .
a woman whose husband is dead is called a widow .
it is hard to find a good place to live .
what does it mean when a girl winks at you ?
i do not want to buy this kind of sofa .
he was angry because i would not give him any help .
i think it is highly unlikely that we will be able to escape from this prison .
it would be better if you did not drink so much coffee late at night .
he said he would not come in , but he came in after all .
he will leave for the station an hour before the train leaves .
he has the habit of standing up when he is angry .
i am not really as mean as people say i am .
the politician tried to cover up the insider trading .
i am trying to find a publisher for the book i just finished writing .
i missed you a lot while you were in boston .
all i know is that she left last week .
do you think that eating with your family is important ?
it is no use arguing with him about it .
you cannot really expect to get better at french if you do not study .
the man reading a paper over there is my uncle .
if you stand on this stool , you can reach the top of the closet .
even tom would not be stupid enough to say something like that .
he finally made a name for himself as a politician .
i am afraid we will not be able to help you tomorrow .
i have to go shopping . i will be back in an hour .
the smell of macaroni and cheese makes me nauseous .
after being in a coma for three weeks , tom regained consciousness .
this flower is yellow , but all the others are blue .
two men are trying to figure out that is wrong with the car .
when i got to school , the race had already finished .
i would like to rent your most inexpensive car for a week .
i hear his business is on the verge of ruin .
i have got better things to do than to sit here listening to your gossip .
she told him that she had seen me there last week .
i am moving , so i need boxes for my things .
it will take some time to get used to wearing a wig .
if you want something done right , you should do it yourself .
look around you and tell me what you see .
it is easy for a monkey to climb a tree .
i hurried in order not to be late for school .
when we started this business , neither one of us had had any experience .
my mother has sold everything that is dear to her .
there is usually a cool breeze here in the evening .
we need to buy a new rug for this room .
she was absent from school because she was sick .
my father is so old that he is hard of hearing .
there was not enough evidence to find him guilty .
when i was a child , my mother made me eat everything on my plate .
what makes you so sure that this will not happen again ?
a piano is expensive , but a car is more expensive .
please wait until we get the results of the examination .
a stray dog followed tom home and he decided to keep it .
i can tell by his accent that he is german .
there seems to be something peculiar about the boy .
i would love to be able to find more time that i could spend relaxing .
tom is not the one who told me i did not need to do that .
i do not remember tom asking us to do that .
we had to postpone the gathering because of rain .
i heard tom came back to australia for christmas .
if you had not eaten so much , you would not be so sleepy now .
you would be amazed how many times i have told tom not to do that .
i go to the office by bicycle except on rainy days .
frankly speaking , i do not think you have what it takes to become a teacher .
it is questionable whether this data can be relied on .
i never realized how much i would miss you .
considering what time it was , the supermarket was relatively empty .
last night my house was robbed while i was still awake .
we shall continue our efforts to eradicate racial discrimination .
she advised him to go abroad while he was still young .
he ran as fast as his legs could carry him .
i do not have time to do everything that needs to be done .
the plumber used many tools to fix our sink .
if two people are in agreement , one of them is unnecessary .
i hear that you are having an unusually cold winter .
i know you make fun of me behind my back .
first words get confused , then ideas get confused , and finally things themselves get confused .
the girl lifted the heavy box with one hand .
i am really tired and want to go to bed early .
you and i both know that is not going to happen .
the fog soon blurred out the figure of a man walking in front of him .
eventually the salesman persuaded me to buy the expensive machine .
he asked me if i had slept well the night before .
tom spent all the money he had to buy mary a christmas present .
do you think you can manage to keep things going until i get back ?
pass the ball quickly to a person behind you .
when i was a college student , i always pulled all nighters before tests .
consumers need to be able to make informed choices about the food they buy .
the last time i saw tom he was walking on crutches .
how do you train a dog not to tug on its leash ?
in woodworking , we classify wood as hardwood , softwood or exotic wood .
i feel the need to do something different today .
she advised him not to borrow money from his friends .
i do not think i should do that by myself .
if you cannot have children , you could always adopt .
there are shuttle buses that stop at several hotels in tokyo .
it is very kind of you to help me with my homework .
generally speaking , men can run faster than women can .
could you put those bags in the car for me ?
we tried to cheer him up by taking him out .
he will look after the cats for me while i am abroad .
i do not know the exact place i was born .
nothing is more valuable than time , but nothing is less valued .
although he thought he was helping us , he was only in the way .
do you have any siblings ? no , i am an only child .
i think it is time for me to do my homework .
the door was locked , so i could not open it .
it is an act of cruelty to lock a small child in his room .
she is only going to tell you what she thinks you want to hear .
do you know when they will arrive ? at eleven thirty this evening .
i do not know what i am going to tell tom .
she gave considerable thought to what to do with the money .
do not you want to put in another disc ? we have been listening to this one for two hours .
i want to see a doctor about my stomachache .
i think you know that is not a good idea .
it was just an accident that we met at the store .
she turned her face away so he would not see her tears .
she sang the song with tears running down her cheeks .
when i study a foreign language , i like to study with a native speaker of that language .
if something sounds too good to be true , then it probably is .
the house with a red roof is my uncle s house .
the police found tom lying on the floor with a bullet hole in the middle of his forehead .
could you please tell me what your cell phone number is ?
never go to a doctor whose office plants have died .
those who work hard find unexpected opportunities to succeed .
the mayor thought that he should investigate the decline in tax revenues .
tom was still drunk when i saw him this morning .
i want to know what you do for a living .
he asked me if i knew her telephone number .
a house without books is like a room without windows .
if you start now , you will get there in time .
it is in this room that the summit will be held .
did you have a lot of happy experiences in your childhood ?
i can pick you up from work if you want me to .
there s been a lot of activity around the office this morning .
no matter how rich you are , you cannot buy true love .
if i knew how to use a computer , maybe they would pay me more .
you should take your car to tom s garage . he does a pretty good job .
it was not until i heard him speak that i recognized him .
he was the sort of man you could get along with .
tom and i gave each other presents on christmas .
how often do you have to see the dentist ?
i felt very relieved when i heard the news .
you should know better than to spend all your money on clothes .
i cannot shake off the feeling that something bad is going to happen .
sooner or later , tom will likely agree to help us .
she would not let him in the room no matter what .
i would like to buy a present for my son . do you have any good ideas ?
tom put a new ink cartridge in his pen .
during hot weather , be sure to drink lots of water .
cannot you hear all the car horns honking behind us ?
revenues are growing , but not as fast as costs .
we cannot be the only two people who are late .
how long does it take to walk to your house from here ?
tom has been on death row for three years .
i sat at the front in order to hear the lecture clearly .
he is in the habit of reading the newspaper while eating .
i am going to install solar panels on my house .
you can park on either side of the street .
you should obey the traffic laws when you drive .
the factory decided to do away with the old machinery .
i am willing to take care of your children , if you want me to .
the problem is that solar energy just costs too much .
it is hard to learn a language on your own .
please mail this letter on your next trip to the post office .
her hair was long enough to reach the floor .
can you please tell me where the restaurant is ?
white wine does not agree with me . i prefer beer .
your offer is very attractive , but we will have to think about it .
we got a lot of criticism for doing that .
remember to mail the letter on your way to school .
i finally overcame my shyness and asked him out on a date .
the priest who speaks french will be here next week .
for better or for worse , television has changed the world .
i wondered if i could do such a thing .
he was kind enough to tell me the truth .
i am sorry to have kept you waiting for such a long time .
we cannot be sure of the total cost yet .
she looked at me with tears running down her cheeks .
we have not tried the drug out on humans yet .
tom had christmas lights strung up on his porch .
it took me some time to learn how to drive a car .
in the last typhoon , the wind blew at over kilometers per hour !
his name was on the tip of my tongue , but i could not remember it .
i had a very tight schedule last week , but this week i am relatively free .
his father left him the house in his will .
do you use benzodiazepines like klonopin , ativan , and xanax , that are not prescribed to you ?
you should tell tom that you cannot do that .
this is the third time this week tom has done that .
i think it is time for me to give up on this relationship .
the governor cut the tape and opened the new bridge .
this is the first time i have ever disagreed with tom .
how to meet future energy demand is a big question we must consider .
it cost me a lot of money to build a new house .
how many pennies does it take to make one pound ?
she dreamed that a prince would come on a white horse to take her away .
no one in their right mind would walk in those woods at night .
i do not think she will be happy living with her mother in law .
i have already drunk half a bottle of wine while i was waiting for you .
there was not even a speck of dust on the table .
she always says nice things about him , especially when he is around .
tom came into my office and closed the door .
i wanted to make a reservation at my favorite restaurant , but it is closed on christmas eve .
i once saw a man walk barefoot over hot coals .
i must go to the station at three o clock .
i give you two permission to do whatever you think is necessary .
all things considered , she is a fairly good wife .
tom does not want mary to go anywhere without him .
who would not love to find one of these under the tree on christmas morning ?
do not act like you do not know how to dance .
she loved me in the same way that i loved her .
she became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense .
the price of gold varies from day to day .
i finally found a place where we can be alone .
he stayed in his hotel most of the next day , talking to friends and supporters .
she suggested that the customer buy a blue tie .
i had no idea that you were so good at french .
i do not need you to tell me how to do it .
tom sent a dozen roses to mary on valentine s day .
there are some misprints , but all in all , it is a good book .
nobody is allowed to leave the classroom until the bell rings .
i am not going to sit here and listen to you complaining all day .
perseverance , as you know , is the key to success .
the girl was sobbing in the corner of the schoolroom .
a good salesman will not encroach on his customer s time .
last night , i went to bed without brushing my teeth .
please be careful that you do not break this vase .
the shinano is longer than any other river in japan .
you would better sober up before the boss gets back .
can you touch your toes without bending your legs ?
a university job would give you a lot more free time .
from my point of view , it would be better to wait a little longer .
i worked on a farm when i was younger .
my sister , wearing her favorite red coat , went out today .
i ran to school , but the bell had already rung .
we got a taxi so we would not be late .
it is a problem any way you look at it .
it was already dark when we arrived in the village .
there s no way to predict what you will dream tonight .
am i correct in assuming you have finished doing what we asked you to do ?
i am tired of hearing the same thing so often .
his loss of memory is a psychological problem rather than a physical one .
i went to the library to read a book .
you have somehow managed to misconstrue what i have said .
i need you to help me move this bookcase .
i have not eaten since breakfast and i am very hungry .
there are now three cars parked in front of your house .
she invited him in for a cup of coffee .
would you get me a cup of coffee ? with pleasure , my dear .
have you ever read a book written about japan ?
in the light of what you told us , i think we should revise our plan .
how dare you talk to my son like that !
i wrote a book , but it was not very good .
i enjoy sipping on a margarita with salt around the rim .
why did you tear the cloth instead of cutting it with scissors ?
i love how you think of other people s needs before your own .
even if the sun were to rise in the west , i would not change my mind .
i remember being on a ship when i was only five years old .
would you mind if i ate a piece of this pie ?
she is saving her money with a view to taking a trip around the world .
i think it is time for me to leave now .
are you aware you are being named in a lawsuit against the federal government ?
if you could choose the genes for your children , would you ?
i go up to the rooftop when i want to see the blue sky .
i was told that i needed to get enough sleep .
judging from his appearance , he must be a rich man .
you did not expect to find me here , did you ?
i have a sore throat and a slight fever .
how much do you think i can get for my kidney ?
i need to know who i have to give this to .
after ten years as business partners , they decided to part ways .
tom knew that mary was not likely to be busy .
it is said that nothing is more precious than time .
i am glad that i did not eat the food that made you sick .
would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon ?
i wanted to make sure we did not cause the problem .
the orange left a strange taste in my mouth .
i do not let my children go out at night .
i am going to stop at the next rest stop .
tom was looking for place to eat that had reasonable prices .
it took me a long time to do my homework last night .
it is a fledgling technology but it shows great promise .
i would like to spend less time at work and more time at home .
this color is a bit darker than that one .
i left my baby in her care and went shopping .
tom did not get home until after this morning .
i trained my dog to bring me the newspaper in the morning .
for certain tasks , my computer can be very useful .
i am sorry , but i cannot eat dinner with you .
let s eat in the park like we used to .
it is hard for me to express ideas through words .
i am not very likely to be arrested for doing that .
tom took a selfie and sent it to mary .
man is the only animal that can make use of fire .
i cannot write french , but i can read it .
everybody can see that he has a crush on her .
please send any complaints or suggestions to the following email address .
i made friends with them at the school festival .
i did not sleep a wink because of your snoring .
he can run as fast as any other boy .
please tell me which railway line to use from the airport to downtown .
after i got married , my japanese got better and i could understand more .
i can help you chart the course , but you have to make the journey on your own .
no sooner had she opened the door than a cat ran out .
they think the owner of the house is studying abroad .
the doctor said you need to stay in bed .
had it not been for his aid , i could not have finished the work .
the best way to learn french is to live in a french speaking country .
at christmas he went out of his way to buy me a really nice model plane .
the cost of living in japan is going down .
i do not think we have enough money to buy everything we need .
after the explosion , i saw three guys limping out of the restaurant .
i have no choice but to take the red eye back to new york .
the black angel spread those jet black wings wide and flew up into the sky .
as soon as we get the answer , we will phone you .
i am not used to doing that in the dark .
would you like a drink ? i have already got one .
can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is ?
the government is expelling illegal aliens as part of a crackdown .
i think i could come to boston for christmas .
what does any of that have to do with me ?
he took charge of the family business after his father died .
i am not going to force you to do that .
i could not bring myself to tell her the truth .
some people are for the plan and others are against it .
that is in the beach bag that is in the trunk of your car ?
will you have another slice of pie ? yes , please .
no one is working . everyone s watching the world cup .
our french teacher gives us a test every monday .
it would be better to avoid her now , because she is violent .
he makes it a rule to write in his diary every day .
he opened the window to let in some fresh air .
if you and i could join forces , we would really get things done .
we have some guys on our team who cannot speak french .
i had to get all the facts before i could make a decision .
i was just wondering if you have any experiences you would like to share with us .
i got tired of hearing the same thing so often .
the coward is the first to raise his fist .
i wonder whether or not this milk is still good .
tom has lived in australia for over thirty years .
i had a sharp pain in my chest yesterday .
since he did not know what to say , he remained silent .
he submitted his resignation in protest of the company s policy .
i cannot go to the party , but thank you for inviting me all the same .
are you satisfied with the political situation in your country ?
i came across an article in the newspaper about your new project .
i need to have a word with you in my office .
i chopped the onions and put them in a casserole with butter and oil .
tom told his parents he wanted a new bicycle for christmas .
this apartment is bigger than any other one in the building .
i wonder if tom will tell mary the truth .
he is a tiger when he is angry is an example of metaphor .
tom was sentenced to fifteen years in jail for being an accessory to murder .
what if you were able to buy the house you have always dreamed of ?
tom s french pronunciation is not as good as he thinks it is .
i am going to do it whether you agree or not .
we spent a lot of time on our lessons .
did tom really hit mary ? that is what i heard .
tom and mary are both pretty shy , are not they ?
thank you for the time you spent with me during my visit to atlanta .
just a moment . i have not made up my mind yet .
i chose not to do that the way tom suggested .
we are starting to question what we thought we knew .
i went for a walk to try to sober up .
tom spends all his free time playing video games .
we will always have to be careful not to let this happen again .
i felt quite relieved after i had said all i wanted to say .
i do not know why tom hates me so much .
she sat next to him wishing she were somewhere else .
a person with common sense would never do this kind of thing .
if i won the lottery , i would buy you a car .
promise me you will not get mad if i tell you .
if you need help , feel free to call me .
for someone who s supposed to be an expert , you do not seem to know much .
tom always stays at school as late as the teachers allow him to .
the english class system is known for its snobbery .
first of all , i am very worried about my daughter s health .
just because he likes painting does not mean he is good at it .
i just want to know who s in the room .
i have been studying french for a long time , but i am not fluent .
tom certainly was not at home when we went to visit him .
that is why i was late for class yesterday .
i did not have enough money to buy everything you asked me to buy .
it is so warm in this room that i am sweating .
my parents had already eaten by the time i got home .
it is a good idea , but is it worth it ?
banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers .
could you please tell me again who your father is ?
the bag will easily carry enough clothes for a week .
more people came to the party than i had bargained for .
i did not notice her going out of the room .
take lots of vitamin c to avoid catching cold .
i allowed tom do that anytime he wanted to .
i think it is good for you to read this book .
he spoke of the people and the things that he had seen during his trip .
he contends that primitive life once existed on mars .
i went to the hospital to have my eyes tested .
the girl went to school in spite of her illness .
it says on the label to take two tablets .
they supplied the soldiers with enough food and water .
i do not need you to take care of me .
she advised him not to believe everything the teacher says .
from the hill , we could see all the buildings in the city .
your dream of becoming a baseball player will come true if you try hard .
that bridge across this river is the oldest in the town .
the lawyer s job is to prove that her client is innocent .
the boy gathered a handful of peanuts and put them in a small box .
it does not work so well because the batteries are running down .
there is a woman who wants to see you .
it did not escape me that tom was contradicting himself .
tom is very proud of what he is been able to accomplish .
do you mind if i watch tv for a while ?
i think a part time job is a good experience .
i want to ask you about the money you found .
it was below zero this morning , but i cycled to school .
tom just tells people what they want to hear .
when i heard that song , it reminded me of when i was a kid .
tom has been in the hospital since christmas eve .
i want to do that is best for both of us .
the good news is that you do not have cancer .
you have not told me why you asked me to come here .
she is too young to understand that her father died .
the boy was gazing at a school of carp in the pond .
i wish he would make up his mind one way or other .
i have no choice but to eat what they serve me .
tom would never say something like that to mary .
the storm had a serious effect on the economy .
camping so near the river is not a good idea .
it is not too late to do the right thing .
my parents would not let me date who i wanted to date .
it is not what you do , but how you do it that matters .
people who talk about themselves all the time bore me .
the soil will have to be plowed before we start planting .
once he had written the letter , he sent it .
do not you think this hat looks good on me ?
you may take photos outside this museum , but not inside .
i do not think tom has as much patience as i do .
americans may regard shy people as less capable than those who are not shy .
she looked at the picture to refresh her memory .
it took me almost three hours to finish my math homework .
you might want to take a look at this .
the bridge between denmark and sweden is almost five miles long .
i cannot believe you would do that to me .
i need to go get some money out of the bank .
i just saw you talking to tom less than five minutes ago .
my neighbor always mows his lawn on sunday mornings .
it is impossible for me to finish the work in an hour .
with the t . v . on , how can you keep your mind on your studies ?
tom was in a bad mood all day yesterday .
i just do not want to see you get disappointed .
if you would listen a little more carefully to what the teacher says , you would probably be able to understand .
we found it very hard going back to our base camp in the blizzard .
one of my dreams is to one day see the aurora borealis .
he peeked inside , afraid of what he would find .
we are looking forward to seeing you and your family .
do you know how many people in the world starve to death every year ?
when i heard the news , i wanted to cry .
i thought maybe i would better not clean my room .
excuse me , that is the shortest route to the station ?
tom takes a bath every day just before dinner .
it was a warm day , so we went swimming .
these problems have arisen as the result of your carelessness .
i would like to talk to you about what happened .
if i screw up , that is the worst that can happen ?
they just padded the report to make it look more impressive .
let me congratulate you on your victory in the tournament .
the soldiers on the boats would be easy targets .
a priest was called in to give last rites to the dying man .
i will be able to finish in a day or two .
we often come across japanese tourists in this area .
these are the names of the people i am looking for .
the moral of the story is that you cannot trust the system .
there are so many stories i have never told you .
the challenges are daunting , but we can overcome them .
i wanted tom to come to australia for christmas .
a green carpet will not go with this blue curtain .
i ate half the apple before i noticed there was a worm in it .
he is not much better , and there is a little hope of recovery .
you should set a good example for your children .
she may be late , in which case we will wait .
you speak a bit too fast for me . could you speak a bit more slowly , please ?
if you do not bother the bees , they are unlikely to sting you .
i have made up my mind to give back all the money i stole .
what are some foods you can eat to lower your cholesterol ?
the divorce was finalized this morning at the attorney s office .
tom does not know if mary is dead or alive .
what do you think is the best christmas present for a woman ?
dr . skeleton is known for his study on ghosts .
tom did not believe a word of what mary said .
i want to take advantage of the opportunity to speak to the governor .
we kept on working for hours without eating anything .
it was only yesterday that i realized what she really meant .
tom is angry at me because i did not help him .
i still have not decided whether i should go by car or by train .
what should we do if he happens to come late ?
that pretty bird did nothing but sing day after day .
tom almost always falls asleep at night hugging his teddy bear .
he asked me to wait there until he came back .
my wife s part time job brings in a little extra money .
she has two cats . one is white and the other one is black .
i hate it when you pretend like you do not know me .
it will not be the first time tom has been late .
it might sound far fetched , but this is a real problem .
it is not hard to stand out when you are surrounded by idiots .
i spoke loudly so that everyone could hear me .
the initial symptoms of the disease are fever and sore throat .
do you want me to show you how to do it ?
a boy of seventeen is often as tall as his father .
i am afraid there is very little i can do .
i wrote the phone number on the writing pad .
she called to tell me that her husband would be out of town for the weekend .
i could not light the candle because the wick was too short .
a common way to finance a budget deficit is to issue bonds .
it would be nice if we could do that today .
is there something in particular that you want to drink ?
in a town with only one barber , who shaves the barber ?
philosophers tend to have little contact with the outside world .
my mother put thirteen candles on my birthday cake .
thanks for all you have done to make my special day such a memorable one .
has anyone ever told you that you stop breathing when you are asleep ?
the score is to in favor of our school .
when he retired , his son took over his business .
i know you are probably mad about what i said yesterday .
he is proud that his father was a famous scientist .
you can tell a lot about someone by the company they keep .
i feel sad when i think about all the people who die in wars .
even though the weather was bad , i decided to go out .
i think it would be better if you did not do that .
the fat man jumped over the ditch and fell to the ground .
you cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd .
some non native speakers think they speak the language better than native speakers .
i really wish i did not have to go to that meeting this afternoon .
tom did not get up as early as he usually does .
this is the hottest summer we have had in thirty years .
i rushed out to see what was going on .
i think a lot of people will be there today .
write down the medicine you need on this piece of paper .
i will do my very best not to disappoint you .
our local tv station does a pretty good job of covering local news .
i cannot complain about the way i have been treated .
you will have to take his place in case he cannot come .
do you spend more time at home or at work ?
i succeeded in reaching the top of the mountain .
who is the woman whose picture is on your desk ?
the u . s . gun ownership rate is the highest in the world .
i will have my sister pick you up at the station .
i did not do what they told me to do .
turn the christmas tree lights off when you leave the house .
i do not know how you lasted five years in that job .
one out of women does not realize she is pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy .
there is not much doubt about the cause of the fire .
i wonder if you would mind lending me your car for a couple of days .
tom does not know whether mary will agree to go or not .
tom will help us tomorrow . i would not count on it .
i spent the whole day playing with my kids .
his aunt s apple pie was delicious and he had a second helping .
this camel is so tame that anyone can ride it .
the man who is waving to me is my uncle .
who s the man sitting at the other end of the table ?
a few years ago , there was a huge scandal at my school .
ask tom if mary can take care of herself .
tom did not want to let mary into his house .
tom did not arrive until it was already too late .
that is wrong with being nude in your own house ?
i guess you never learned how to do this .
i will go tell the others what we need to do .
the bad weather delayed the plane for two hours .
that store had just about everything we needed to buy .
we become very shorthanded at the end of the year .
tom and mary left boston at the end of october .
tom has enough money to buy any computer in this store . he just needs to decide which one .
the research director had the department do a thorough job in testing the new product .
he is a busy man , so you can only get in touch with him by telephone .
do you think i should ask tom for help ?
i should not have drunk that last bottle of beer .
who can read the heroic deeds of brave men without a feeling of respect and admiration ?
you will get there in time , as long as you do not miss the train .
tom attempted to persuade mary to go to church with him .
they are giving a big ball at the american embassy tonight .
there must be some way we can help tom .
it is easy to lose your footing on loose gravel .
tom does not even know what you are talking about .
i met an old friend on the street yesterday .
it takes two hours to go to school by bus and train .
a sprain like this should heal within a week or so .
the house is opposite the church . you cannot miss it .
he entered the university after failing the examination twice .
why are you going to japan ? to attend a conference in tokyo .
tom walked across the room and opened the window .
i have just renewed my passport , so it is good for another ten years .
a teacher should never make fun of a student who makes a mistake .
i hope they do not resort to violence to accomplish their goals .
the plan was kept under wraps until the last minute .
all you have to do is to hand this book to him .
there is no way to confirm that he is alive .
mary had some weird food cravings when she was pregnant .
we spend piles of money on the things we do not really use .
i felt that he skirted around the most important issues .
if you give me a book , i will read it .
do not do too many things at the same time .
i used to write in my diary every day when i was young .
tom died three weeks ago after being bitten by a cobra .
no one has the right to tell me what i can and cannot do with my body .
some parents do not punish their children when they lie .
if you had stuck around , you would have met the girl i have been seeing .
american politics are interesting to watch , especially during a presidential election .
why are you acting like you do not know me ?
i think it is little too late to do that now .
you have to wait on the other side of the road .
do you really think tom is better than me ?
tom and mary invited all their friends for a christmas dinner at their house .
there is a lot of snow on the roof .
tom turned on the small lamp on his bedside table .
there are some people who think it is a bad idea .
i think i understand what tom s trying to say .
that company hires people without regard to race , religion , or nationality .
tom was a better cook than mary was when they got married .
he told me that i should be more careful .
do you know where to go or who to ask for information ?
near the equator , the weather is hot and humid year round .
why are you still up ? you should get to bed .
tom was highly educated and spoke several languages fluently .
greater demand for high quality coffee has helped drive coffee prices higher .
you could hear a pin drop in the room .
there are no shortcuts to the top , only to the bottom .
i do not have enough money on me right now to pay you what i owe you .
i was about to leave when the doorbell rang .
the pay is terrible and the hours are long .
going out drinking with the guys makes him feel macho .
i am not sure i want to do this now .
at this beer hall , you can order beers up to one liter in size .
i want you to play the guitar for me .
tom asked mary to help him with his french homework .
i know tom will not allow me to do that .
do you know who that tall blonde girl in green is ?
it is rude of him not to give me a call .
this could be construed as an act of treason .
the couple spent a lot of money on furnishing their house .
i have plenty of things to eat in the pantry .
my father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was .
i cannot do all of this without a little help .
this is the house where i lived when i was a child .
she is accustomed to doing her homework before dinner .
how long have you been living here ? it will be five years next week .
how large is the population of new york city ?
tom is fatter than when i last saw him .
i know the reason that she quit her job .
the speed with which we forget is just unbelievable .
a lot of people were killed in world war ii .
a plastic cup is better than one made of real glass .
is there anything you want to add to what i just said ?
it was so cold that we made a fire .
tom heard a noise and went outside to see what it was .
the job looked quite simple , but it took me a week .
the dog was busy burying his bone in the garden .
could you please tell me again when the meeting is supposed to start ?
i think you know what has to be done .
when i was young , i tried to read as many books as i could .
the last time i saw tom was about a year ago .
you do not need to get a haircut this week .
refer to the users guide if you have any problems .
i could not understand the announcement that was just made .
i am still waiting for tom to pay me back the money i lent him .
i was not lying when i said that i loved you .
i have never seen two people so much in love as tom and mary .
some companies guarantee their workers a job for life .
i cannot believe tom is really planning on doing this .
tom managed to do everything he was supposed to do .
here . take this with you . it might come in handy .
tom found the hat mary was looking for in the basement .
there are various ways to take care of the problem .
tom s stopped watching the news because the constant war coverage was getting him down .
i cannot help the way i feel about you .
in my opinion , a well designed website should not require horizontal scrolling .
could you drop me off at the bus stop ?
i think it is time for me to contact him by phone .
if it is possible , i want to go home now .
i do not think we should be talking about this right now .
washing your hands regularly is a good way to prevent catching some diseases .
the teacher has a great influence on his pupils .
they established a japanese language class for the refugees .
parents are responsible for the safety of their children .
she is a better singer than any other student in her class .
he took pity on me and helped me out .
if i had eaten breakfast this morning , i would not be hungry now .
tom got out of the bath , dried himself off , and put his clothes on .
i have to alter my clothes because i have lost weight .
do you believe that people are capable of change ?
mary works as a waitress at a restaurant on park street .
i still do not have enough money to buy that .
i was planning to call him , but changed my mind and did not .
tom had no other choice but to help mary clean out the garage .
i jumped for joy when i heard the news .
it is a small town in the middle of nowhere .
that dog tries to eat just about anything he lays his eyes on .
do you know what to do if there s a fire in the building ?
i have not eaten french food since i left france .
when was the last time you slept in this room ?
i want to discuss a very important matter with you .
in fact , gorillas have many of the same feelings that people have .
he could not wait to try out his new surfboard .
you should assume that tom already knows about the problem .
he warned the children against playing in the street .
whether you like it or not , you will have to do it .
this book is way more interesting than that one .
the physicist was aware of the potential danger of nuclear fusion .
look up words you do not know in your dictionary .
there s not a whole lot happening here at the moment .
he was the kind of kid who was always showing off to his classmates .
the man you see over there is a famous writer .
if i had known about your illness , i could have visited you in the hospital .
i have an older brother who s the same age as you .
the government will provide interest free loans to firms that participate in the program .
the yen is rising and the dollar is falling .
whatever happens , i want you to know that i love you .
that job was not very interesting . however , the pay was good .
he never fails to write to his mother every day .
the army is in the north to protect the border .
that is the worst thing that has ever happened to you ?
i arranged for a car to meet you at the airport .
i did not know tom was going to do it .
he had his sister help him paint the wall of his room .
when i was in new york , i happened to meet my old friend .
i was not supposed to help my son do his homework , but i did .
i was attacked and robbed on my way home .
what is the main purpose of your studying english ?
the food was so good that i ate too much .
a railway bridge is already being built over the river .
i cannot see you without thinking of your mother .
tom said he did not think mary wanted to be on the basketball team .
i am looking for a lipstick to go with this nail polish .
goat meat is tasty and can be prepared in different ways .
that man asked me who i was , but i did not think it was necessary to answer that question .
i do not want to be a burden to my parents .
i have a lot of things i want to do .
she was happy to be introduced to him at the party .
tom takes the trash out every day at six o clock .
if you are going to kill me , i want to know why .
man has a great capacity to adapt to environmental changes .
tom did not want to marry a woman who wanted children .
he led his men and horses over snowy mountains and down into hot valleys .
i think it is time for me to confront that problem .
he would like to have a coffee after work . i would too .
we just have to wait for the dust to settle .
tom is saving money for a trip to australia .
every author suffers from writer s block from time to time .
he asked me who i thought would win the race .
tom must be aware that mary is johngs girlfriend .
tom wrote his phone number on a napkin and handed it to mary .
let s resume reading where we left off last week .
her new husband turned out to be a bad person .
there s a laundromat in the basement of our apartment building .
i went to the post office to send a package .
during warm weather , sweating helps man regulate his body temperature .
this book is too difficult for me to read .
i do not have a dress good enough for such an occasion .
this book will give you a clear idea of the american way of life .
so far , i am the only one who s done that .
did you come here by train or by bus ?
i had to cancel my trip on account of the strike .
i get paid a lot to do what i do .
she must have been very young when she wrote this poem .
according to the paper , there was a big fire in boston .
it is not always easy to tell the difference between good and bad .
when i grow up , i want to be just like you .
she and i have about the same number of stamps .
in a court of fowls , the cockroach never wins his case .
may i kiss you ? i would like that very much .
the gdp of china still pales in comparison with that of the us .
i would rather stay at home than go out .
when they finally found him , it was too late .
tom did not expect mary to react like she did .
all you have to do is try your best .
one of the main products of this country is coffee .
you know as well as i do that we cannot afford to buy that kind of car .
my heart broke when i saw the dying birds .
if you want me to kiss you , all you have to do is ask .
this is not the time or the place to do that .
the forest was so thick that one could hardly walk through it .
do not you want to talk to tom about it ?
we need to burn all this stuff before the police get here .
i understand the general approach , but i am afraid that i am getting bogged down in the details .
it is a shame we were not able to get to know one another better .
i was caught in a shower on my way home .
there is not much i can do to help , i am afraid .
tom has been absent from school for three days .
i want to spend more time alone with you .
i promise you i will not stay out too late .
she advised him to cut down on smoking , but he did not think that he could .
i admit i did what tom told me not to do .
tom never told me why he was not here the day before yesterday .
can you walk to school , or do you have to take the bus ?
i could not get that song out of my mind .
do you think the road is wide enough for cars ?
i never see her without thinking of her mother .
we should keep every school open and every teacher in his job .
the cabinet is meeting today to discuss the crisis .
children need love , especially when they do not deserve it .
i want to ask him for his phone number .
tom is not here yet . he must have missed the bus .
computers are capable of doing very complicated work in a split second .
i just do not want anyone to be mad at me .
i do not want to be tied to one company .
i do not want to burden you with my troubles .
you can get there by train or by bus .
you cannot just make up the rules as you go along .
women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition .
even if it takes me ten years , i am determined to accomplish the job .
the best way to ruin a good cup of coffee is to put cream and sugar in it .
written in technical terms , this book is very difficult to understand .
i told tom that what he was doing was illegal .
i think tom is leaving australia at the end of the semester .
he brought food to his guest and provided him shelter .
i will be back before the end of the week .
tom asked mary if she wanted him to walk her home .
i returned the books i borrowed from the library , and i borrowed some new ones .
we spent hours trying to figure out how to fix it .
i can give you a lift if you like .
the door opened and there she was , standing in the doorway .
what was the first instrument you learned to play ?
a trip to america was equivalent to a two year salary for her .
how many concerts did you go to last year ?
we have decided to move the meeting to next sunday .
every boy and girl is taught to read and write .
tom thinks he is the only person in town who can play the bagpipes .
they announced the date of their wedding in the newspaper .
the company s competitive edge will be eroded if system engineers continue to leave .
as usual , he was the last to arrive at the theater .
tom wanted mary to come to boston for christmas .
the last time we ate dinner together , you would only eat vegetables .
it is easier to learn a new language when you are young .
this is the kind of music that i really enjoy .
tom did not want people to think that he was flirting with mary .
i never thought he was capable of doing something so cruel .
the man held on to his job stubbornly and would not retire .
i want to make sure that i do not catch the flu .
the trouble is that i have no money with me .
how about having a drink after we finish our work today ?
i pay euros for every visit to the dentist .
if you are not watching the tv , i will turn it off .
you are the only person i know that owns a gun .
taking all things into consideration , i have made up my mind to give up the idea .
this book is surprisingly easy to read , is not it ?
as a rule , he arrives at the office about eight thirty in morning .
people ask you for criticism , but they only want praise .
do you like sports ? yes , i like baseball , among other things .
what kinds of goods do you sell in your shop ?
tom not only twisted his ankle , he also broke three toes .
the problem is that solar energy is too expensive .
it is easy to give advice when you have never had any problems .
learning to speak a foreign language well takes time .
i thought a walk in the park might take our minds off our troubles .
i knew tom would not be able to learn enough french in just three weeks .
somebody told me that today s test was identical to the one we had last year .
i have seen my dog sneeze but never my cat .
i called you in here to ask you a question .
i do not like the way you talk to me .
the home team always have an advantage over their opponents .
how did you get those bruises on your legs ?
if you have a question , please raise your right hand .
if i would only taken the time to read the instruction manual !
my grandfather on my mother s side passed away ten years ago .
i did not want tom to go anywhere without me .
you do not fall in love with somebody because he is perfect .
after we walked for a while , we arrived at the lake .
i think you know why i cannot do that .
i gave in to temptation and began to smoke a cigarette .
tell your wife every day that you love her .
i arrived at the stadium at p . m . , but the game had already started .
this car is my father s , but it will soon be mine .
he exchanged his old car for a new one .
somebody must break the sad news to her mother .
why do you always want to do things the hard way ?
how is that question germane to what we are discussing ?
it would be prudent to worry about the details now .
we need someone to keep an eye on our baby while we are away .
publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor s birthday .
i do not think tom can deal with the situation .
they were stuck in the elevator for four hours .
i decided that i would quit my part time job .
do you like it ? the food was better in prison .
it is hard to stay calm in a situation like that .
you will be able to take many pictures with your new camera .
he does not like to wait until the last moment to do a thing .
the professor treated her as one of his students .
i went to the supermarket and bought a bag of rice .
i ran away from home when i was thirteen .
you do not have to use a dictionary when you read this book .
do not eat the fruit in the bowl on the table . it is plastic .
when was the last time you saw the sunshine ?
you can tell what a person is like by looking at his friends .
there is an urgent need for more people to donate their time and money .
what time is your plane scheduled to take off ?
you know that your english is good when people stop complimenting you on how good your english is .
the shop is just in front of the station .
he keeps on phoning me , and i really do not want to talk to him .
when i was a kid , i often went to the beach to go swimming .
if you add one hundred to one thousand , you get eleven hundred .
i give you everything you ask for , but you never seem satisfied .
i have done the best i could to help you . the rest is up to you .
we pay the kid next door to mow our lawn .
why would not you let me go to tom s party ?
we were granted the privilege of fishing in this bay .
why do not we just reformat the hard disk ? you have been having a lot of trouble with it .
he is by far the best baseball player at our school .
he once knew her , but they are no longer friends .
is there anyone here who can explain that is going on ?
he kept us waiting for more than an hour .
he was just in time for the last train .
i did not expect her to ask me such a question .
i would like to hear exactly how tom managed to get that old car running again .
it turned out that the cards were stacked against her from the beginning of the game .
you can stay here as long as you like .
what do you think i should give tom for christmas ?
he blamed his teacher for his failure in the entrance examination .
i wish i could afford to buy a car like that .
my business is at a standstill because of the recession .
people often refer to themselves in the third person when talking to children .
i know mary is pretty , but she is not very smart .
if you had asked me to marry you , i would have said yes .
i built a house within a stone s throw of the forest .
tom locked himself in the bathroom and refused to come out .
he has two daughters , one is a pianist and the other is a violinist .
i borrowed the screwdriver from a friend of mine .
there are some differences between british english and american english .
the pain she suffered while being tortured was unimaginable .
i cannot go back there and neither can you .
he could not stand being kept waiting so long .
sorry i could not come over yesterday . something came up .
the kind of information we need is not always available .
it requires a certain amount of practice to be able to walk on stilts .
how did the meeting go ? i think it went okay .
as far as i know , he is an honest man .
you have been gone for so long , and i cannot remember what you look like .
it is a good idea , to be sure , but it is hard to put it into practice .
tom said that it was too early to go home .
why do you laugh so hard at his jokes ? they are not even funny .
he had no money and so could not buy any food .
my stomach aches so much that i cannot fall asleep .
i cannot afford to buy anything in this store .
i do not need to go to australia until next week .
the man decided to wait at the station until his wife came .
such a man does not go hunting and seldom owns a gun .
when we decorate our christmas tree , tinsel always gets stuck to our clothes .
it almost scared me not to see you online for a whole day .
this year , the winter is mild , is not it ? it is very nice .
i want to know what you see right now .
i thought i was never going to get out of prison .
i think you would better lie low until she forgives you .
i suppose i could change a tire if i had to .
we would better hurry . i do not want to be late for the concert .
as far as i know , i am in perfect health .
you keep on making the same mistake time after time .
the actress made her debut when she was eight .
who is to say that what we did is wrong ?
plastic surgery alone will not make you any less ugly .
after the rain , there were puddles on the street .
they liked having more space for their children to play .
do i look like a guy who wants to get married ?
tom went down into the cellar and returned with a bottle of wine .
i think this must be the place where tom lives .
if you want to succeed , you should work hard .
if my father had not been killed in the war , he would be over sixty years old now .
i tried thinking about why it was that i did not trust him .
she gave birth to her first child at twenty years old .
this railing is not as stable as it could be .
she came up with a good way of making money by using the internet .
i picked up a pretty shell at the seaside .
that is one of the funniest jokes i have ever heard .
tom does not need any more soap . mary gave him enough to last a lifetime .
we will have known each other for three years next christmas .
he gave a series of lectures on japanese literature at ucla .
do you mind if i ask a few questions ?
my brother is holding a camera in his hand .
how many letters are there in the english alphabet ?
tom says he is going to grow more vegetables this year .
i cannot believe that i did not even think of that .
you nearly poked me in the eye with your pencil .
i never dreamed of there being such a quiet place in this noisy city .
i was disappointed when i heard that you could not come .
he devoted the last years of his life to writing his autobiography .
i did not know i was going to have to introduce the main speaker .
can i talk to you for a second please ?
the driver told us which bus we should take .
his car spun out of control going around the curve .
tom was very unhappy about having to spend christmas in the hospital .
i like eggs for breakfast , but my sister prefers oatmeal .
to put it briefly , she turned down his proposal .
i used one of my old shirts as a rag .
all i know about tom is that he is a teacher .
tom wants to buy a bass guitar , but he does not have enough money .
the parents are playing a game with their children .
she raised her hand for the bus to stop .
when it comes to sweets , i just cannot control myself .
i cannot say that is the result i was hoping for .
a man is more or less what he looks like .
tom does not know who mary wants to give the bottle of wine to .
a burglar broke into my house while i was away on a trip .
you have only to stand in front of the door . it will open by itself .
is the loch ness monster real or is it just an elaborate hoax ?
she became more and more beautiful as she grew older .
it cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed .
get out of here before i call the cops .
i will get by if i have a place to sleep .
i just wanted to tell you that i am really sorry for what i said .
did you notice that tom was not wearing his wedding ring today ?
i think this tie will go great with that shirt .
i had a hard time trying to get this report finished on time .
it is not a secret that tom s opinion is different than yours .
i would like to leave this town and never come back .
can you tell me where the nearest pay phone is ?
he writes to me less and less often these days .
i worked hard all day , so i was very tired .
it is very kind of you to send me such a nice present .
i do not want you knocking on my door at two in the morning .
i could be wrong , but i think tom likes you .
you will never get past the guards . i will take my chances .
how long will the meeting last ? for two hours .
i wish i had not tried driving home after i had drunk so much .
if it had not been for your foolishness , we would never have been in that trouble .
rice is cultivated in several parts of the world .
we had to make the best of our small house .
in order to serve you better , your call may be monitored .
i have not really spent much time thinking about that .
he is good at voicing the concerns others are too nervous to speak up about .
it is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not .
one of her three cars is blue and the others are white .
at last , her dream to be a doctor came true .
i have got my guitar in the trunk of my car .
you should go home before i change my mind .
the waitress spread a white cloth over the table .
we lost sight of the man in the crowd .
tom did not have enough money to go home by bus .
do you intend to eat that whole cake by yourself ?
these simple tips will help you declutter your home .
it would be nice if you helped me a little .
i never answer email messages from people i do not know .
have you made up your mind where to go for the holidays ?
i do not know who i can ask for advice .
spending time with friends on the beach is fun .
do you think that you can put your idea into practice ?
who was the first person to break the four minute mile ?
i hate women who say that all men are the same .
what is important is not how many books you read , but what books you read .
i do not know who to give this package to .
i really do not want to go out on a date with mary .
it may be that he is not a bad man .
who was your favorite teacher when you were in high school ?
no one really knows what a ufo is like .
mary promised her mother that she would help her more often .
he is said to have been very poor when he was young .
to be happy , you should spend time with someone you love .
do the police have any idea who stole it ?
they do not waste anything nor throw anything away .
when tom lost his wallet , he was out of luck .
we desperately need more money to help fund our project .
tom injured himself when he jumped out of the window .
the samurai decapitated his opponent in one fell swoop .
he is as smart as any other boy in the class .
can you remember the first time you heard the beatles ?
how about ice cream with chocolate sauce for dessert ?
nothing in the world is stronger than the will to survive .
i feel bad that i have not paid you yet .
that is the purpose of your visit ? i am a tourist .
i can watch tv all day without getting bored .
my mother made me study for three hours last night .
i want to know if my baggage is going to arrive .
my hands turned blue because it was so cold .
tom , who had been working all day , wanted to have a rest .
that accident is a very good example of what happens when you are not careful .
if i were to go abroad , i would go to france .
i laughed when tom told me he was planning to get married .
the car broke down on the way to the airport .
he has made the company what it is today .
in , brazil won its first world cup victory .
each member has to pay , yen a month .
tom does not have anyone to discuss his problems with .
the child had no overcoat on although it was very cold .
dinner will be ready by the time you have finished your work .
i knew there would be trouble when tom walked into the room .
he was mad at me because i broke up with him .
i do not know when i will have time to finish reading the rest of this book .
his camera is three times as expensive as mine .
i wonder what the average weight of a strawberry is .
tom asked mary to take john to the airport .
she spends three dollars a day for lunch and dinner .
what is the highest level of school you completed ?
i promised my parents i would visit them at least once every three months .
she lost sight of her friend in the huge crowd .
i talked with my parents about my studying abroad .
i would like to talk to you when you have some free time .
the matter will be brought up at the next meeting .
i never thought it would be this hard to create an ipad app .
what kind of person would do that kind of thing ?
she went outside to get a breath of fresh air .
all i can do is to do my best .
i have nothing to say to any of you .
i am afraid this job is too much for you .
would it be ok if i took a vacation next week ?
the food was not fit for man or beast .
some of them are teachers , and some are engineers .
just by looking at your face , i know that you have good news .
if you are a good boy , i will give you this watch .
the last thing i want to do now is clean the bathroom .
the house did not suffer much damage because the fire was quickly put out .
a special tax is imposed on very high incomes .
so you are really offering me a roflex watch for dollars ?
armstrong was the first man to reach the moon .
mary asked her friends if they thought tom liked her .
you are going to be late if you do not hurry up .
i found what you were looking for in the trunk of my car .
he tried to behave as bravely as possible while he was being held hostage .
the u . s . secretary of state is trying to broker a ceasefire between the warring parties .
did not i give you , yen a week ago ?
is it correct to say that the qur an is the bible of the muslims ?
a trip to mars may become possible in my lifetime .
i just wanted to wish you and your family a merry christmas .
i should not eat food that has sugar in it .
some people like red wine and some people like white wine .
the taj mahal is one of the seven wonders of the world .
i never for a moment imagined that i would win .
tom does not even know why he was expelled from school .
if a brain can do it , a computer can do it .
i would be grateful if you could take a look when you have got time sometime .
i have always fed my dog the dog food that comes in the big green bag .
about how much would it cost to have this chair repaired ?
do you have anyone who you can call if you need to talk ?
i missed the last train , so i had to walk all the way home .
this is the best ship i have ever been on .
my physician advised me to refrain from alcohol for the time being .
she protested weakly , but ended up joining in with everyone else .
i groped around in the dark for my flashlight .
a pick is a long handled tool used for breaking up hard ground surfaces .
i have paid parking fines a number of times myself .
does he go to school on foot or by bicycle ?
i was planning to go there by bike , but it rained .
we used emergency measures to revive the cardiac arrest patient .
i cannot believe i am talking to you about this .
you need to find another way out of this situation .
it is very nice of you to do that for me .
a spell of fine weather enabled us to get the harvest in safely .
it is a lot easier to fall in love than to stay in love .
that looks like my handwriting , but i did not write that .
it is not easy to be understood by everybody .
i do not know the reason he is absent today .
i did not win , but at least i got a consolation prize .
i do not want to know what you did yesterday .
the meeting will have finished by the time we get there .
tom is good at getting people to do things for him .
she asked him to give her some money so she could go to a restaurant with her friends .
the cheetah uses a combination of stealth and explosive acceleration to catch its prey .
somebody tipped off the gang members to the police surveillance .
he is worthy to be captain of our team .
the person reading a book on the bench under the tree is tom .
make sure that the lights are turned off before you leave .
i make it a rule never to ask a woman how old she is .
a long train of camels was moving to the west .
you have little to gain and much to lose .
one thing i have always wanted to do is learn to fly an airplane .
real men go to the gym to pump iron , not to do aerobics .
do not let his snide remarks get the best of you .
you say you do not want to get your hands dirty .
i know this is hard for you to understand .
our parents took care of us and now it is our turn to take care of them .
i tied my dog to the tree in the yard .
he is only a couple of years younger than me .
can you please tell me your name once more ?
i wonder what happens if i press this button .
i have been asked to play my clarinet at a charity event .
i cannot be in two places at the same time .
have you made up your mind what you are going to give tom for his birthday ?
i am so tired that i am going to bed as soon as i get home .
he added a little sugar and milk to his tea .
i cannot buy that now , because i do not have enough money .
why do not we go to the park or something ?
some were under the impression that the judges had not chosen wisely .
he went out of the room without being noticed by anyone .
i do not know if i should stay or run .
i really do not want to sit in that room .
the older we grow , the poorer our memory becomes .
were you treated for an infection after your surgery ?
i wish him the very best in his future endeavors .
if you are not careful , you might have an accident .
it is close to ten o clock . it is about time we went to bed .
it rained so hard that the shrine was washed away .
he hurried on to make up for lost time .
an understanding of people is the greatest weapon you can possess .
although i have studied english at school for the past six years , i am still not good at speaking it .
i tried to open the door , but i could not .
this river is shallow enough to wade to the other side .
tom and i are going to boston next week .
tom did not want to throw anything away because he thought that he might need it in the future .
it is ok as long as it does not get windy .
i held the conch to my ear and heard the ocean inside .
do you have any idea how stupid i feel right now ?
i crossed the street even though the light was still red .
lots of people in japan are indifferent to politics .
did tom ever tell you what he wanted for christmas ?
may i talk with you in private about the matter ?
i do not feel up to running to the station .
he believed that blacks could win their fight for equal rights without violence .
i never remember the funny stories people tell me .
i may be able to come to your office monday afternoon .
i am not kidding you . some people actually believe that the world is only six thousand years old .
tom asked mary to buy a gift for john .
that is one of the most difficult languages in the whole world .
tom told mary that she was the fattest woman he would ever seen .
take a look at the faq before you call tech support .
the prime minister appoints the members of his cabinet .
the hikers were all but frozen when they were found .
tom converted about half of his yen into dollars and the other half into euros .
i am happy for the first time in my life .
whether we will go on the trip depends on the weather .
have you ever served as a witness in a court case ?
i cannot believe that tom would not do that for me .
i got several bites , but could not hook a fish .
we must prevent this type of incident from recurring .
i cannot believe you are talking to me like this .
i told you i need a few more days .
i was never told that i needed a visa .
i get the feeling you do not really want me to drive .
that is strange . i could have sworn that i would locked this door .
although my car is very old , it still runs very well .
how old were you when you stopped believing in santa claus ?
in the summer , the temperature ranges from thirty to forty degrees celsius .
i do not have much money in my bank account .
the old man wanders from town to town peddling his wares .
the sooner you return , the happier your father will be .
if the saddle is too heavy , the mule will not move .
the girl who works at the bakery is cute .
i do not know for certain when he will arrive .
i know i could have done that , but i did not .
do not forget to put a stamp on the letter .
i think it is time for me to mow the lawn .
she turned off the lights so she could enjoy the moonlight .
i think we have time for a drink or two .
i know a guy who goes fishing almost every weekend .
that is a filthy job and i do not want to do it .
if you ask me , this is a complete waste of time .
tom said that he could not sleep at all last night .
i expect him to come along any day now .
it seems like you are trying to provoke a fight .
we should not have left tom alone in the garage .
it only took us fifteen minutes to complete the job .
i know we have had problems , but i think they have all been solved .
you have to have an audition before you can join the choir .
i have many things for sale . what kind of things ?
there are rumors that she found a new job .
he said his father was an architect and that he wanted to be one too .
i have been told that sitting for hours working on my computer is bad for my back .
this is not the first time that it is snowed in boston on christmas day .
why did not the band play the song you requested ?
a company that stifles innovation cannot hope to grow very much .
i have decided to weigh myself every day starting today .
i do not know how i am going to do that .
i do not want to cause anyone any more trouble .
tom killed mary because he found out she had started the fire that had killed his family .
i met a friend while i was waiting for a bus .
tom has lived in boston for more than a year .
you cannot sleep more than hours a day .
what are you doing buying a house that expensive ?
the zulu tribe in south africa has its own language .
i do not understand why those people are so obnoxious to each other .
if you leave that there , someone might trip over it .
he is a widower with three small children to take care of .
each chapter in the textbook is followed by about a dozen comprehension questions .
we were taught that newton discovered the law of gravity .
when was the last time you visited the dentist ?
it was determined that faulty wiring was the cause of the fire .
they say that in america anyone can become president , but perhaps that is not really true .
she may be cute , but i do not like her .
you should know better than to talk back to your boss .
do you think that any really smart person is inherently interested in languages ?
i spent fifty dollars to get my dog spayed .
it is been raining heavily since this morning , so i do not want to go anywhere .
she is on the verge of a nervous breakdown .
the cave was so dark that they had to feel their way .
we will have lived here for two years next april .
if she had told me the truth , i would not be angry .
i saw a movie for the first time in two years .
i found a pair of sunglasses by the swimming pool .
i do not want to be seen talking to you .
there s a lot of danger during a big storm .
my uncle kept on drinking in spite of his doctor s advice .
do you think that there s a chance i could get that job ?
i make it a rule not to stay up late .
tom looks more like a teacher than a student .
he offered no specific explanation for his strange behavior .
there s a bus stop in front of our school .
he came back not because he was homesick , but because he was running short of money .
it is odd that there should be a light on in the office at this hour .
they were in that room with me all night .
on the whole , i think your plan is a very good one .
it is abnormal to have the heart on the right side .
i do not speak french , but i can understand it a bit .
another interesting source of energy is the heat that can be recovered from radioactive waste material .
she , of all people , would not do such a thing .
tom will wait as long as you tell him to .
i will explain to you how to use it when i come back .
i forgot to tell you who would meet you at the station .
i would be delighted if you could come with us .
you have to do that whether you like it or not .
i still do not think you should be doing that .
she asked him how to turn on the machine .
i want you to take a look at this .
he is so thin that he looks like a skeleton .
from the top of that tall building , you can easily see the city .
for a business owner , having a clear overview of one s entire business is vital .
there s danger that the levee will break . we have to evacuate immediately .
i thought for a moment tom was going to start laughing .
it makes no difference to me whether you believe it or not .
he who is not satisfied with a little , is satisfied with nothing .
i wanted to make sure it was not us who caused the problem .
i understand your point of view , but do not agree with it .
this lake is among the deepest in the country .
what i want for christmas is for my family to be here with me .
tom said he would expected mary to be at his party .
you have to work harder to make up for lost time .
i would not have done that if you had not told me to .
as soon as i get to london , i will drop you a line .
i will not go with you unless you tell me where we are going .
that pigeon flew from san francisco to new york .
as soon as the child saw his mother , he stopped crying .
we adults should not destroy the intelligent and creative capacity of children .
i do not go jogging as often as i used to .
is there anyone who does not have one of these ?
we might be told to wait outside if it gets too hot .
the speed of the spread of aids is horrifyingly fast .
you need a passport to enter a foreign country .
whenever i lie down on my bed and read a book , i fall asleep .
would you like to go camping with us next weekend ?
it is crazy of you to put your life at risk .
tom lay awake for a long time thinking about what he should do .
do you think the rainy season will set in early this year ?
a dance will be held in the school auditorium this friday evening from to .
it would take me too much time to explain to you why it is not going to work .
i think tom is a lot better singer than mary .
have you ever been intubated because of an asthma attack ?
cost is a definite factor in making our decision .
some people do not like to wake up early in the morning .
we do not have enough time to burn all these documents before the police arrive .
i came to the conclusion that something was wrong .
a poor rice harvest will get us into real trouble .
i do not know whether tom is telling the truth or not .
i am afraid we must go if we want to get home before dark .
on an island in the seine , there is a big church called notre dame .
it was such a cold day that there was nobody on the street .
those who know me know i am pretty good at chess .
when i got up today , my throat felt a little sore .
it will take about a week to straighten out my affairs .
tom hardly spoke any french when i first met him .
he does not seem to be able to catch on to what she is saying .
tom knew that he was unlikely to be elected .
how long have you been living on park street ?
it never occurred to me that he might be an escaped prisoner .
almost a third of the gunshot victims were teenagers .
did you pay somebody to write this for you ?
i can afford neither the time nor the money for a trip .
an anonymous benefactor bequeathed several hundred thousand dollars to an animal shelter .
some people are never content with what they have .
tom s grandfather and mary s grandfather fought together in world war ii .
there was a time when reptiles ruled the world .
one of the magazines is for boys , and the other one is for girls .
the expansion of the roman empire wiped out a great number of the original european languages .
she heard him scream , so she ran into his bedroom .
my advice is to leave as soon as you can .
i do not think this is the best time to talk to tom .
she has the bad habit of always being late .
i do not think i have much longer to live .
you are the only person i know who can probably answer this question .
they said he was still weak from a recent sickness .
the area of the factory is , square meters .
i could not bring myself to throw your picture away .
although i grew up on a farm , i do not know much about agriculture .
i get more than two hundred emails a day .
do you believe global warming is the result of human actions ?
did you really think i would not learn the truth ?
this is the window which was broken by the boy .
it goes without saying that it was supremely difficult to carry out this mission .
it seems like we are going to be a little late .
i did not use to like wine , but now i like it a lot .
he had a hard time making himself understood at the meeting .
do you want to be a millionaire ? who does not ?
i thought it might be nice for us to spend some time together .
do you hate tom ? no , i just think he is a bit strange .
he has given up running in order to focus on the long jump .
we will just have to wait and see how things pan out .
as far as i know , he is a reliable person .
i heard that tom and mary got back together .
tom gave his three year old son a puppy for christmas .
he sat on the sofa with his arms folded .
i wonder who will help tom decorate the christmas tree .
i will do everything within my power to make sure your children are safe .
that child may have been kidnapped on his way home .
she was supposed to attend the party with him .
why would you want to share this type of information with people you hardly know ?
there were a lot of men among the inhabitants .
i know we do not really know each other all that well .
they did not know it was impossible , so they did it .
i cannot believe that you are not at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives .
i want to find out if the warranty has expired yet .
the new engine must undergo all the necessary tests .
why did you lend money to someone like him ?
tom was the one who told mary how to do that .
you have got a crush on this girl . no , i do not !
i am afraid i will not finish the report on time .
my job will only last two years at most .
the job of a driver is harder than it looks .
we have another ten miles to walk before sunset .
i do not like the way you laugh at her .
let me introduce you to a new way of doing that .
he cannot do this kind of work , and she cannot either .
you worry too much about what others think of you .
he will be my deputy while i am away .
i wonder whether tom will go to boston or chicago next summer .
why do not you tell me the way you think it happened ?
many young people in japan eat bread for breakfast .
tom is now the star of a reality show .
tom just told his wife that he was leaving her .
as for me , i like chicken better than pork .
happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance .
she asked him to call her later , but he forgot to .
he was the only person to survive the fire .
the counterfeit bills flooded the market over the weekend .
i believe that people tend to focus on the wrong things .
what would you do if you had a billion dollars ?
nowadays more and more people prefer country life to city life .
do you find that your mood changes frequently in short periods of time ?
i have been taking ballet lessons since i was three and hope to be a ballerina .
a new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race .
even though my friend was a vegetarian , i did not tell him that the soup had some meat in it .
i would like to ask you a few questions about what happened at school today .
almost all the workers objected to working at night .
i was told that it is dangerous to swim here .
a passport is something you cannot do without when you go to a foreign country .
i am not now in a position to help you .
he knows quite well what it is like to be poor .
i do not even want to think about what could happen .
how to overcome the high value of the yen is a big problem .
there are a lot of things i need to buy .
what do you do when you do not have time to eat lunch ?
among the wind instruments , the aboriginal didgeridoo made of eucalyptus was his favorite .
this hamster is small enough to carry in your pocket .
i thought i saw a rabbit on the road .
he was so sad that he almost went mad .
i received an invitation from him , but did not accept it .
he was dazed by a blow to the head .
tom s face feels rough because he needs to shave .
they buried him in the graveyard by the church .
this coffee is so hot that i cannot drink it .
it is the middle of the night . why are not you asleep ?
as soon as she saw me , she started to cry .
the outcome of the upcoming election will be the hardest ever to predict .
if you do not want this , i will give it to someone else .
after a slow summer season , business began to pick up .
her girlish complexion belied the fact that she was over forty .
i do not want to pay through the nose for a hotel room .
tom told mary that he had finished the work a few days ago .
i figured you would not want the teacher to know you had not done your homework yet .
the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog .
when you come across new words , you must look them up in your dictionary .
she always fed her children before she fed her dog .
he makes a point of doing ten push ups before going to bed .
in everyday life we have many obligations and responsibilities .
let s meet in front of the main entrance at two thirty .
can you please tell me what time the train leaves ?
babies grow up inside the amniotic fluid in the womb .
the girl closed her eyes and listened to the pastor .
eventually , someone is going to have to tell tom that he needs to behave himself .
i did not get much sleep last night so i was nodding off all day at work .
how can you be sure that is going to happen ?
i just think you should be more careful , that is all .
i have so many clothes i do not know what to wear tomorrow .
at the moment you are in no condition to drive .
i went into the town in search of a good restaurant .
adobe and apple both have top notch video editing programs .
language is the means by which people communicate with others .
did tom say how long mary would be in boston ?
she advised him to take a rest , but he did not follow her advice .
there s something i need to talk with you about .
who do you think is familiar with this matter ?
a note was attached to the document with a paper clip .
have you ever shared needles when you used iv drugs ?
it would be great if you could join us for dinner .
a poll shows that an overwhelming majority is in favor of the legislation .
i had not planned to do that , but i can if you really want me to .
was that you i heard singing in the shower ?
please give me a piece of paper to write on .
tom does not know what to buy mary for her birthday .
tom told me where you hid the gold coins .
i got out my knife and peeled the apple .
mommy , if i do not like the food , do i have to eat it ?
i wrote down his phone number on a scrap of paper .
she will surely be enjoying a hot bath at this hour .
a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step .
the boy passed the time by flinging stones into the lake .
would it be all right if i visited you today ?
the train arrived at the station thirty minutes behind schedule .
he used to get up early when he was young .
it is a pity that you cannot join us .
he lived in france for some time , then went to italy .
when was the last time you got your hair cut ?
the thief outwitted the police and got away with his loot .
air is to man what water is to fish .
doing it that way will take a long time .
tom certainly had a lot of time to think about it .
tom was sitting in the library , reading a book .
he made a speech in front of many people .
when was the last time you slept on the ground ?
this desk is a little too low for me .
children depend on their parents for food and clothing .
my sister will have been studying english for ten years when she graduates from her college .
my friend copied my homework and the teacher found out .
i will do my best , but i will not be able to finish it before thursday at best .
it is been a long time since i have had a real vacation .
i have to charge the battery of my car .
i would like to get you both to help me .
there is enough here to feed the whole family .
you cannot just keep throwing your money away on this kind of thing .
the president vetoed the law after congress passed it .
i do not know whether he will agree to our plan or not .
we managed to get it back without her knowing .
it will take some time until we have enough money to buy a new tractor .
i had no choice but to do what he asked .
there are still many cultural differences between east and west germany .
six people applied for the job , but none of them were employed .
i wish tom would spend more time at home .
finding it hard to make ends meet on his income , she started to work .
i cannot help feeling that the attempt has turned out to be a failure .
the egg is a universal symbol of life and rebirth .
do you have more than one copy of this key ?
i expect a subway station will be here in the future .
i cannot start up my computer . what am i supposed to do ?
i am still not used to getting up so early .
she went to italy for the purpose of studying music .
mary likes to wear clothes with vertical stripes , because she heard they make you look thinner .
the u . s . economy is the largest in the world .
what are you so nervous about all of a sudden ?
she is not here to defend herself against these accusations .
i drank some of the milk and kept the rest in the refrigerator .
seeing that it is o clock , i think you should leave for school soon .
i did not know why i was not supposed to go to that part of town .
tom is not as busy this week as he was last week .
a long time ago , there was a bridge here .
i want to keep doing this for as long as possible .
it is better not to say anything about her to him .
he told me about the accident as if he had seen it with his own eyes .
tomatoes are delicious whether you eat them raw , cooked or braised .
he had barely enough money to buy bread and milk .
if my house were a mansion , i would invite everyone i know to my birthday party .
do you think we will have a white christmas this year ?
who is currently the richest person in the world ?
i gave my sister a pearl necklace on her birthday .
i do not know where tom will live next year .
it looks like rain . we should close the windows .
i am going to start a new job next week .
i like the smell of bread just out of the oven .
have you ever cut your finger with a knife ?
do you think i do not know that is going on ?
which team is the most likely to win the championship ?
our city is rather small in comparison with tokyo .
i only do that about three times a year .
do not throw away this magazine . i have not read it yet .
it may be unwise of you to advertise your presence .
that just goes to prove that you are a liar .
you can sleep here for a while if you want to .
are not you the one who s always saying we should spend more time together ?
he is the tallest man that i have ever seen .
i make it a rule to take a walk for half an hour every morning .
i want to make a phone call , but i do not have any change now .
they say that girls spend more time worrying about how they look than boys do .
would you please send me details of your products via e mail as an attachment ?
it is unusual for you to do something like that .
you are not as good as you think you are .
he says his son can count up to now .
is there any chance that you have eaten any of the contaminated food ?
smell this milk . do you think it is still ok to drink ?
he is very clever for a boy of ten .
i had lunch with tom at a restaurant near the office .
we are going to try to get you full custody .
honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom .
please take your time before deciding what to do .
better to extend an olive branch than launch a missile .
tom lost his only son in a car accident .
i was going to run over the notes one last time , but there was not time .
i do not like tom . that makes two of us .
if there s something you do not understand , let me know .
taking advantage of the holidays , i returned home to nagoya .
while i was waiting for the streetcar , i witnessed a traffic accident .
these are the steps that lead straight to failure .
the production of vegetables is growing in our area .
if you have something to say , say it to my face .
did you know that vinegar can be made from dates ?
he gave me his office telephone number and address .
we need a nut that will fit that bolt .
since there was nothing left to do , we left .
be careful not to step in the mud puddle .
i want to arrive at kennedy airport early in the afternoon .
he used his hand to screen the sunlight from his eyes .
it will take me a long time to do all the things i want to do .
if you know what needs to be done , please go ahead and do it .
i did not know we were supposed to do that .
the reason tom did not go with us was because he did not have enough money .
that is a very good question . i am glad you asked it .
everybody is supposed to know the law , but few people really do .
the king had great difficulty giving speeches because of a severe speech impediment .
you look like you do not want to be here .
those present at the meeting were surprised at the news .
i bet you think i am just writing that to impress you .
i suppose i have got to get my feet wet sometime .
quite a few people could not recognize him in that disguise .
it is very hard to get rid of the cockroaches in our house .
tom turned off the engine and shut off the headlights .
i thought tom was not going to be here today .
i do not feel up to playing tennis right now .
i bought this book at the bookstore near the bus stop .
as far as i know , there is no such word .
we are going to a new bar tonight . do you want to come along ?
when was the last time you heard a cat meow ?
i wish i could spend more time with my family .
i still have not done what you asked me to do .
if you had a time machine , which year would you visit ?
what is the poorest country in the european union ?
tom , mary , john and alice sat around the fire .
close the curtains so the neighbors cannot see in .
no matter how hard you try , the result will be the same .
the crane , unlike the dog , has never dreamed of flying .
tom was able to do everything he wanted to do .
any good news in today s paper ? no , nothing in particular .
relationships built on money will end when the money runs out .
the airline provided free accommodation to stranded passengers as a goodwill gesture .
the two girls wore the same dress to the dance .
i usually prefer to pay with credit card and not with cash .
we were talking to each other all the time .
most of them urged him to take the job .
i did not know where tom was going , but i had a good idea where he might be going .
does anyone here know how to operate this machine ?
i think it is very likely that they will arrive next week .
i do not mind lending you the money provided you pay it back within a month .
you did not tell me that you were a doctor .
it looks like tom does not really want this job .
my sister asked me to teach her how to ski .
i cannot tell you exactly how long it will take .
you could be a little nicer to your brother .
the day will soon come when man can travel to mars .
a young man waited in line to see him .
it is hotter here in the valley than in the mountains .
i can show you where it is . it is not far from here .
i cannot wait to sleep in my own bed again .
tom got fired and was escorted out of the building .
i know that tom did not know you did not want to do that .
he is as clever as any of his classmates .
at school he was always at the top of his class .
do you want me to help you with the cooking ?
he could not fulfill the promise he made to his father .
while we were on holiday , a neighbor took care of our cat .
i think what impressed me most was the way tom could talk to just about anyone .
the whale is the largest animal on the earth .
i decided to take his side against the others .
tom did not leave a suicide note , so the police suspect murder .
i just want you to know i really love you .
i think that tom will try to kill mary .
if we get out of here alive , i will buy you anything you want .
i do not know whether the story is true or not .
i can do that in less than ten minutes .
no matter how cold it was , he never wore an overcoat .
my brother did not have the courage to swim across the river .
he said he would see me the next day .
there must be a better way to do this .
tom posted a lewd photo of himself on social media .
she was seen at a restaurant with her lover .
i want you to help me choose a book .
i just got there as fast as i could .
is it the right place to sign up for foreign language courses ?
they gathered at a farm in new york state .
i do not want to be involved in this affair .
after spending hours out in the cold winter wind , my skin got all chapped and dry .
the loneliness and drabness of working away from people are fatal to his best effort .
i know you are not stupid enough to believe that .
books are for people who wish they were somewhere else .
a fallen leaf floated on the surface of the water .
the child sat on his mother s lap and listened to the story .
tom did not want to leave his dog with me .
can you shut the door on your way out ?
i left you a message at the front desk .
the doctors did not believe tom was in danger of dying .
you were nodding off at times during my lecture .
he wears expensive clothes and owns a lot of jewelry .
to tell the truth , i am tired of violent movies .
disneyland was very interesting . you should have come with us .
the ingredients for this recipe are a little expensive .
i just got up . give me a few minutes to get ready .
what matters in life is not where you are right now , but the direction in which you are headed .
i do not think that tom would like living here very much .
you should receive them by the end of the week .
it struck me that the girl was trying to hide something .
tom and mary were surprised to see john and alice .
tom lived the high life until the money ran out .
everyone says that the food at this restaurant is very good .
all of a sudden , i felt a sharp pain in my stomach .
do not put off until tomorrow what you can do today .
in kyoto , you can see both old and modern buildings .
some of the trees in our neighborhood were knocked down by the storm .
there are still people who believe the earth is flat .
tom probably cannot do that as well as i can .
the doctors did everything they could to save tom .
this storm is not dangerous . you do not need to worry .
he lost both his parents at an early age .
you have worked with tom for a long time , have not you ?
i am glad to have this opportunity to work with you .
run fast , or you will be late for school .
i told tom that was just what we needed .
can you tell me why you want to work for us ?
would you get me a cup of coffee ? sure . i would be glad to .
do you prefer swimming in fresh water or salt water ?
i have to go and have an x ray tomorrow .
i have to go to the store to buy some shampoo and toothpaste .
long , long ago , there lived an old man and his wife .
tom was determined to finish the job before he went home .
i am going to take you where you will be safe .
do you think tom would enjoy doing that with us ?
it is too far to walk to the station , so let s take a bus .
tom entered the restaurant where he eats about three times a week .
if it snows on the mountain , it is cold in the valley .
new year s cards provide us with the opportunity to hear from friends and relatives .
we look forward to working more closely with you in the future .
tom was reading a book while listening to music .
we could not play outdoors because of the intense heat .
do you have a showroom for your products in the city ?
none of us want to go , but either you or your wife has to go .
we have got to put a stop to this kind of stuff .
something must be done immediately to deal with this problem .
tom went to a nearby convenience store to buy something to eat .
whenever i hear that song , i think of a certain girl .
instead of taking a rest , he worked much harder than usual .
i have practiced piano every day for fifteen years .
i want this luggage carried to my room at once .
he kept badgering her until she told him what he wanted to know .
she is made up her mind and refuses to be talked out of it .
i am getting older and i do not want to work at night anymore .
do we have time for another cup of coffee ?
if it is fine tomorrow , we will go on a picnic .
tom is tall , but not as tall as me .
he is well off , so he does not worry about money .
i just want you to know how sorry i am .
once upon a time , there lived a great king in greece .
a man who speaks the truth needs a fast horse .
it is not safe for us to remain in this area .
tom said he was able to do everything he needed to do .
i was bitten in the leg by that dog .
we hurried to the airport , but we missed the plane .
i am getting sleepy . i should have gone to bed earlier last night .
they say that firefox is downloaded over million times a day .
i wonder if someone could help me do this .
i did not know you still had friends at the irs .
he brushed up his english during his stay in london .
i am not sure how we can make that happen .
how long will it take us to get to boston ?
it is not anything like as cold as it was yesterday .
i am looking for a guy . i am a guy , are not i ?
you cannot just leave your car parked in front of the fire hydrant .
i should study tonight , but i am tired so i am going to bed .
we found a poor little cat in the yard .
he uses extreme care when he drives in the rain .
you are the only person i know besides me who likes medieval music .
when i was younger , i used to listen to a lot of punk rock .
tom said he had a great time with you .
i finally understand what you were trying to tell me .
he picked up a hat and put it on to see how it would look .
i have got to do what i believe is right .
i suppose it makes sense to go ahead and pay the bill right now .
i told you not to call me on weekends .
i do not understand a word of what tom is saying .
he clung to the hope that he would see her again someday .
my boss is twice as old as i am .
i think he is coming , but i am not quite sure .
i do not want to spend any more time than necessary cleaning the house .
a lot of people did not like what we were doing .
she lost her way and on top of that it began to rain .
a man with a gun attempted to commandeer the bus .
why did not you tell us that yesterday was your birthday ?
he does not know what it is to be poor .
the teacher omitted the exercise on page of the book .
if you keep on drinking like that , you will be drunk very soon .
how many cups of coffee did you drink today ?
a little reflection will show you that you are wrong .
tom is in the garden , and mary is in the kitchen .
i cannot think of anything that i would like better .
it was careless of you to leave the key in the car .
you can stay here as long as you want .
his salary is too low to support his family .
i am given a monthly allowance of fifty thousand yen .
he chose the wrong man to pick a fight with .
i did not need to understand french to know they were angry .
this kind of thing usually takes a long time .
leaves are to plants what lungs are to animals .
in the first place , we must be careful about what we eat and drink .
they did not wish to become embroiled in the dispute .
she was asked to convince him to get his son to paint the house .
tom hopes he does not become a workaholic like his father .
i got lost and had a hard time finding my way back to the hotel .
the prime minister will hold a press conference tomorrow .
i thought it was the perfect time to leave .
tom said he was looking for a place to eat .
if he had not wasted time , he would be finished by now .
it is just a matter of time before someone is injured or killed .
whenever you are in trouble or feeling down , i will be there for you .
a caged cricket eats just as much as a free cricket .
i want all my children to go to college .
he is not the man that he was when i first knew him .
i cannot believe how much things have changed since we were kids .
as far as i know , the rumor is not true .
the waiters bumped into each other and dropped their trays .
tom keeps a spare key hidden in his garden .
they say amniotic fluid has roughly the same composition as sea water .
i did not tell anyone what time i would be arriving .
i have learned not to put much stock in what he says .
i consider spaghetti to be one of the greatest foods in the world .
tom hoped mary would come back home for christmas .
i think you owe me about thirty dollars . that seems about right .
oceans do not so much divide the world as unite it .
to tell the truth , i do not like her very much .
i do not agree with the government s policy on education .
do not mince words . tell me what you really think .
i guess it is too late to do that now .
we have been talking about this for hours . can we just drop it ?
mother teresa was a catholic nun who lived and worked in calcutta , india .
i want to dedicate all my time to this project .
could you weed the garden and water the flowers ?
tom just cannot seem to get along with mary .
someone should put that dog out of its misery .
i ran as fast as i could to catch the train .
that kid got a slap from his mother for being rude .
her behavior at the party was far from perfect .
nobody is so busy that they cannot find time to read .
i am the happiest man in the world , tom said to himself .
do you have the most recent version of this software ?
the secret of success is not to think of failure .
but do not you think that it is a little big ? asked the shopkeeper .
i will be back in time for my mother s birthday .
i cannot believe i am stuck here in this room with you .
according to this magazine , my favorite actress will marry a jazz musician next spring .
i should not have eaten the whole bag of potato chips .
the island is covered with ice and snow during the winter .
why did not you tell me that tom was here ?
the door was locked , so i could not get in .
the cherry blossoms are at their best in april .
rote memorization is useful in some subjects , but not all .
it was difficult for him to hide his pride in his success .
both boys and girls should take cooking class in school .
the whale is a very large mammal which lives in the sea .
i have heard about it . your parents disappeared , running out on their debt did not they ?
she advised him to talk about his life in the united states .
the staircase leading to the rooftop is narrow , steep , and dark .
i saw him go into the toilet a few minutes ago .
i think i will stay here for a few more minutes .
he tried to hide what was really going on .
i cannot figure out how to transfer mp files from my ipod back to my computer .
what proof do you have that he committed this crime ?
the tree in front of the library was struck by lightning .
tom and mary were not able to eat the spicy food that john made for dinner .
put some ice on your ankle to keep the swelling down .
the car will not start because the battery has run down .
all you have to do is push this red button .
i guess i do not understand what you are trying to say .
can you explain why you turned down their proposal ?
the more books you read , the more you will know .
tom told me he was determined to do that .
a lot of people think that bats are birds .
we cannot stay here . the roof is about to collapse !
supplies were trucked in from as far away as california .
what do i have to do now that i am registered ?
i make it a rule never to borrow money .
shall i heat this up ? no thank you , it is fine .
i wonder whether a man could live with only two hours sleep a night .
i am not sure yet , but i might do that .
i have been his greatest fan all my life .
he betrayed us by telling the enemy where we were .
i live near the sea , so i often get to go to the beach .
please put a lot of cream in my coffee .
i did not know tom did not know how to do that .
i will see to it that everything is ready in time .
i do not get very many opportunities to talk with native speakers .
how many hours a day does she spend in the kitchen ?
i think it is time for me to change my plans .
i am sorry . i do not have a lot of time .
microsoft has a completely new operating system in the works .
i think it is time for me to buy a house .
the well known poet attempted to commit suicide in his study .
if you want this job , you must apply for it by tomorrow .
excuse me , but could you scoot over a little bit , please ?
give me a chance to make you proud of me .
we would better go inside before it begins to rain .
i am not the kind of person you think i am .
i do not think that tom will be able to convince mary to do that .
tom says he is planning to go back to australia for christmas .
there have been a lot of complaints about that policy .
at the party , one of his political opponents humiliated him in the presence of many guests .
tom came back home just in time for christmas .
please drop it in the mail if it is not out of your way .
who can tell me how a light bulb works ?
no matter how capable you are , you are not going to get a promotion .
that is a pretty lame joke . did you come up with it yourself ?
i watched a movie with my friend in my room .
a child whose parents are dead is called an orphan .
i went home in order to change my clothes .
it is unlikely that a hacker could get into our website .
i did not understand much of what they were talking about .
my office is on the fourth floor of that gray six story building .
i look forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter .
could you please take care of my dog while i am in boston ?
that , of course , does not mean that they are right .
she hated him so much that our family could never go and visit him .
i would really like to know why he did that sort of thing .
i work as a carpenter in a furniture factory .
see to it that this problem gets fixed by tomorrow .
a clear conscience is the sure sign of a bad memory .
the natives have to defend their land against invaders .
i am not quite sure if we can meet your requirements .
my doctor told me to put the eyedrops in my eyes three times a day .
i would like to speak with tom in private for a moment .
i had a headache , so i could not do that .
i do not think the post office is open yet .
my children are already adults . what about yours ? mine are too .
i was just in time for the last train .
it is better to attack than to let oneself be attacked .
many schools are closed today because of the storm .
tom takes the kids to the school every day .
if you did not get enough sleep last night , you should take a nap .
a passport is usually necessary when you travel overseas .
it looks like the thief came in through the window .
tom said it was too risky to go there alone .
tom may have been in boston with mary last week .
he plays golf two or three times a month .
all he wanted was time to finish his painting .
i thought we had found the perfect hiding place , but the police found us .
the consequence of a wrong translation can sometimes be catastrophic .
he said that if he knew her address , he would write to her .
it took me more than a month to get over my cold .
i suggested that we bring the meeting to an end .
i would like to discuss the possibility of you coming to work for our company .
the policeman was off duty when he was shot to death .
i do not know why tom is looking for mary .
you will get a ticket if you park the car in front of a fire hydrant .
he is the last man to do such a thing .
ostriches are not known for having a good sense of humor .
tom works at one of the most popular restaurants in town .
for a long time , i used to believe the same thing you do .
i do not know how much longer i can do this .
i am sorry that i have not been able to be here for you like i should have been .
the torture made him confess to crimes he had not committed .
i never thought i would be happy to see you .
she always has to be the one giving orders .
he helped an old lady get up from her seat .
have you ever seen a spider make a web ?
tom says that he wants me to go to boston with mary .
it does not work so well because the battery is low .
i cannot tell you what a disappointment it was that tom did not win the race .
i tried to call him up , but the line was busy .
moses came down from the mountain bearing divine commandments .
she held him tightly and never wanted to let go .
the nurse will check your arm within days to see if there is a reaction .
i do not want to talk about it right now .
you had better not wear the red dress . why not ?
i could not attend that party because i was sick .
i ran across an old friend near the bank .
if by any chance it should rain , he will not come .
you had better ask him in advance how much it will cost .
they asked his older brother to help them do their homework .
i just want to be able to visit my children whenever i want to .
if you want one , you will have to find your own .
you should not get near my dog while he is eating .
the lake can be reached in half an hour by bus .
to tell the truth , i do not agree with you .
tom hopes he does not have to live in boston for more than a year .
could you explain to me why you think these rules do not apply anymore ?
i thought we would agreed that you would not do that anymore .
i am willing to help you if you want me to .
i told tom that i was not interested in going fishing with him .
by the way , what happened to the money i lent you ?
roger miller was born on january , in the western city of fort worth , texas .
we all want to know why you were not here yesterday .
i am not the only one permitted to do that .
you still have not told me why you quit your job .
i did not do well on the test so my parents chewed me out .
nowadays , almost every home has one or two televisions .
for a refund , you must return the item unopened .
tom says he taught himself how to do that .
i am sorry . i did not mean to make you cry .
after months of negotiations , the peace treaty was completed .
this ticket is valid for two days only after the date of purchase .
the whole nation was sad to hear that their king died .
owing to the storm , the ship could not leave port .
how much did tom have to pay for parking ?
i said that i would be twenty next birthday .
i do not like to eat fish with many bones .
i could not understand a single word of what they said .
i cannot conceive how i could have made such a mistake .
i am going to take my vacation in september rather than july .
all the villagers went out into the hills to look for a missing cat .
between you and me , i think our boss is stupid .
the airline sent my suitcase to boston by mistake .
according to a recent study , the average life span of the japanese is still increasing .
a young man broke into my house last night .
why do not you sit right there on the couch ?
i told tom why i wanted to do that .
tom s parents let him do what he wants to do .
if my brother were here , he would know what to do .
all the sheep were huddled together in the shade of the only tree in the paddock .
there are many talented people in our city , but tom is not one of them .
tom says he is planning to go back to boston for christmas .
i have a friend whose father is a famous actor .
why did you lend money to someone like her ?
this screwdriver is too small to be any use .
i really like him , but not his circle of friends .
the cost of living in tokyo is very high .
have you seen tom ? not in the last few days .
i hope to see reindeer on my trip to sweden .
what did you think of the movies we saw yesterday ?
latex is a natural ingredient that comes from rubber trees .
she got a slight burn on her hand while cooking .
is not it about time you guys buried the hatchet and let bygones be bygones ?
we are really close and we tell each other everything .
i am going to take a bath as soon as i get home .
he was honest , strong , and willing to make decisions .
the two countries will negotiate a settlement to the crisis .
he is somewhat hard of hearing , so please speak louder .
i have to be up early tomorrow morning , so i am going to bed .
i want to get tom something nice for his birthday .
i do not like the way she speaks to me .
the more i thought about the problem , the more difficult it seemed .
though grammatically there s nothing wrong with this sentence , i doubt if anyone would actually ever use it .
they have lost games in a row since their winning streak ended .
i had my hair cut at the barber shop yesterday .
i only had a piece of toast and a cup of coffee this morning .
it will be a great pleasure for me to translate the story and to read it to you .
every day , i travel more than a hundred kilometers .
it is difficult to put a price on a human life .
i will see what else i can find to eat .
i could kick myself for not bringing a map .
what time did you leave your house this morning ?
he fainted with hunger and fatigue , but came to after a while .
they fine you in singapore if you throw trash in the streets .
there s nothing you can say that will change my mind .
you can stay here for a while if you want to .
can you come over this afternoon ? yes , i suppose i could .
tom and mary cut classes and went to the zoo .
tom was not born in boston . he was born in chicago .
he saved the drowning boy at the risk of his own life .
it is not easy to distinguish good from evil .
no matter how hard you may try , you will not succeed so easily .
tom and mary looked at each other and laughed .
the city is gaining popularity as a major tourist destination .
he has been playing chess since he was in high school .
no matter what you say , i do not think tom is a nice guy .
i am not sure why it works , but it works .
when was the last time you had a bath ?
what movie was it that you told me i should watch ?
all of us went to the theater to see a play .
i cannot look at this photo without feeling very sad .
the landlord told him to leave because he had not paid his rent .
i am sorry to cancel the appointment at the last minute .
tom told mary john did not want to do that .
how long do i have to wait for the next bus ?
he comes to visit us every now and then .
i wonder if tom would like to play poker with us .
are you planning to go christmas caroling this year ?
they are hardly likely to come at this late hour .
she stayed up late to finish sewing your dress .
he banged his head against a shelf and got a big lump .
would you like to talk about what just happened ?
are you sure you did everything you were supposed to do ?
she has always done her best to make their life easier .
i know her by sight , but i have never spoken to her .
i was born in tokyo on the eighth of january in .
french is one of the languages i have always wanted to learn .
if the medicine is not working , maybe we should up the dosage .
one of the people you were with is a friend of mine .
most people in the village objected to the plan .
let s see if we can figure out what happened .
you should spend a little time each day reviewing vocabulary .
she kissed me on the cheek and said goodnight .
do you have anything to do ? nothing in particular .
if i were a bird , i could fly to you .
do not you think you ought to write them a thank you note ?
i studied french in school , but i am not very good at it .
the wind was so strong , we were nearly blown off the road .
some young japanese people prefer being single to being married .
it is been a long time since i last spoke french .
they had had to use what money they had .
i am going to my room , where i can study .
he may be the very man that i need .
she used to wash her hair before going to school .
i feel cold . do you mind closing the window ?
most swiss people can speak three or four languages .
we have your size , but not in that color .
would you like a piece of cake ? what kind of cake ?
the new birth policy is aimed at achieving zero population growth .
have you been crying all night ? your eyes are all puffy .
if you could loan me some money , i would really appreciate it .
most public places are simply not geared to people with disabilities .
you could sit on my lap if you want .
i do not want to think about what could have happened .
tom and mary argued a lot on christmas eve .
tom and mary lived in a mobile home their first three years after they got married .
we communicate with one another by means of language .
the french teacher was stumped by her student s question .
the police found the politician dead in his room .
if i were you , i would not do such a thing .
there are many countries in europe that i would like to visit .
he put the skis on top of the car .
you could pass for a teenager if you wore a t shirt .
listening to music is a great way to relax .
i am sorry that i cannot be who you want me to be .
mary went over to the united states in her late teens .
i do not think that you should worry about it too much .
when was the last time that you went to a zoo ?
life is not always a walk in the park .
excuse me . can you direct me to the nearest subway station ?
i have already wasted a couple of afternoons trying to get this car running .
you are not really going to do that , are you ?
i saw the picture you took of that fish .
i need to find something to cut this with .
when i lived in rome , i took the subway every day .
if you are not satisfied with your share , i will make it a bit more attractive .
tom does not think he will be able to finish the job by himself .
i think it might rain today , but i could be wrong .
there is no point in pretending to be sick .
i do not think tom was home on october th .
that was harder than i thought it would be .
they set the time and place of the wedding .
my grandmother attributes her good health to active living .
car accidents are the leading cause of death for teenagers in the united states .
she went into the kitchen to see who was there , but there was nobody there .
tom is lying . i did not do what he says i did .
you smoke far too much . you should cut back .
i am looking for someone who can do that for me .
i began driving our tractor when i was years old to help my father out at harvest time .
i do not understand why you do not want to do that .
she cut the cake into six pieces and gave one to each of the children .
since you have a fever , you should stay home .
we need to concentrate on coming up with a new plan .
to my surprise , she could not answer the question .
how can i get to the zoo from here ?
either you or i must go in his place .
at last , spring has come to this part of japan .
i cannot go to the restaurant with you today .
the poor girl made a living by selling flowers .
tom did not think his boss s plan was a viable one .
he did not trust his brother enough to confide in him .
as soon as i finish writing the report , i will send it to you .
i do not know what this word means . i will look it up in the dictionary .
this road follows the shoreline for the next thirty kilometers .
we picked apples so we could make an apple pie .
my laptop battery does not last as long as it used to .
i will even buy you a new car if you want one .
when he reached the station , the train had already left almost half an hour before .
save your energy . you are going to need it later .
we cannot change history , but we can learn from it .
people have a tendency to underestimate their future needs .
cannot you ever be punctual ? i have been waiting here for one hour .
it was not until i left school that i realized the importance of study .
tom did not know when mary was planning to go to boston .
are you sure you saw someone on the bridge ?
i cannot figure out how to post a comment to this blog .
tom does not like it when mary criticizes him in public .
one sniff of that stuff was enough to make me sick .
the flowers do not look well . i would like to water them . is there a watering can ?
he gave away his entire fortune to an old friend s daughter , and expected nothing in return .
this company has been in the cross hairs of regulators for years .
she bought him a camera that was too big to fit in his shirt pocket .
if you do not miss the train , you will get there in time .
we all know dogs like to gnaw on bones .
that is the difference between a dog and a wolf ?
what time do you want me to pick you up ?
tom fell in love with his best friend s girlfriend .
are you going to stay in bed all day ?
he referred to his past experience in his speech .
i parked on the street in front of your house .
you do not want to point that gun at me .
if you go out so lightly dressed , you will catch a cold .
you do not know tom as well as you think you do .
i will be grateful if you can do that for me .
the most important thing in the olympic games is not winning but taking part .
i will never forget what you did for my family .
before it gets out in the media , i would like to announce to all my fans that i am pregnant .
i want to go to the top of the eiffel tower .
if a restaurant has valet parking it is probably pretty expensive .
fear of losing power corrupts those who wield it .
do you want to go to prison for the rest of your life ?
what does it cost to build a new house in this neighborhood ?
he started learning english at the age of eleven .
when my wife finds out , she will not be happy .
i am already twenty and i have no idea what i want to do with my life .
she stood there even after the train was out of sight .
i do not want to work at a supermarket all my life .
it is stupid of him to behave like that .
tom is wearing a coat that is way too large for him .
i do not understand why i need to go to your house at midnight .
i feel better when i drink hot lemon juice .
at the end of the class , the teacher said , that is enough for today .
i could not tell if you were angry or not .
the lawyer seems to think it will be an open and shut case .
i do not want to hear another complaint about you .
i am probably the one who will have to do that .
there were many things that we simply did not have time to do .
i do not want to be told what to do .
the rain stopped us from being able to play tennis outside .
without a passport , leaving a country is out of the question .
i think i will stay in boston for a few more days .
i have no practical reason to learn that language .
my brother is rich enough to buy a car .
tom lost most of his belongings in the fire .
i have a toothache , so i cannot eat anything .
tom has asked us to buy him something to eat .
i am sorry for all the pain i caused you .
her one wish was to see her son again .
we should learn from those who have gone before us .
since there was no bus , i had to walk .
in those days , i used to get up at six every morning .
it is no use blaming him for the accident now .
the doctor monitored the patient s heartbeat and blood pressure .
could you remind me to call my academic advisor at p . m . tomorrow ?
they will demolish the building and replace it with a park .
i cannot help you unless you tell me the truth .
have you seen the dog ? he wandered off a couple of minutes ago .
after he came back from service in afghanistan , tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares .
why did you have to embarrass me in front of the others ?
do this work by tomorrow if at all possible .
is there something in particular that you want to study ?
he did not believe anyone had the right to do so .
my father bought this house for us when we got married .
i cannot find any evidence to support your accusation .
how far is it from here to the museum ?
there are more cars on the road in the summer than in the winter .
the teacher is busy looking over the examination papers .
i would rather stay home if it is all the same to you .
i give you enough money every month to pay all your bills .
sorry , but can you show me the way to the next village ?
tom put two slices of bread into the toaster and pushed down on the lever .
i am not used to being spoken to in that rude way .
the boy broke the window with a baseball last weekend .
i know what you are thinking , but it is not true .
i want to go to australia once again before my passport expires .
i do not know how many more times i will be able to do this .
to our relief , he came back safe and sound .
it seems that the policeman in this tv series is a dirty cop who abuses his authority .
i will be glad to drink a glass of champagne .
we know each other , but not all that well .
he is unmarried and has no brothers or sisters .
if i could , i would let every caged bird fly free .
the wedding will be held in a th century church .
it was fortunate for her that her husband arrived at that moment .
i did not know tom would let mary do that .
how would you feel if your wife left you ?
my father is busy as a bee every day .
if you are withholding information , there could be severe consequences .
i know it is not as easy as it looks .
tom said he just had to eat something right away .
can i take my shirt off ? it is so hot in here .
if he had left at ten , he would have arrived here by now .
compare the two carefully , and you will see the difference .
i do not understand why pepperoni pizza is so popular .
it will take some time to get used to living here .
there are sparks flying out of the electric socket .
i do not care what people think about the way i dress .
are there any letters for me in today s mail ?
my brother went to the united states to study law .
how many kinds of vegetables do you grow in your garden ?
for the thousandth time , i do not need your help .
we should determine what is to be done first .
if you do not want to go , you do not have to .
she advised him not to go there by himself .
you think you are awake , but you may , in fact , be dreaming .
the children went to school in spite of the rain .
to the astonishment of the whole city , the mayor was arrested .
the train was held up because of the railroad accident .
where on earth can he have gone off to at this time of day ?
we have to figure out whether we have enough money to do that .
can one of you open the door for me ?
do you want to talk to me or not ?
he devoted his life to the study of science .
if two men always have the same opinion , one of them is unnecessary .
with the coming of spring , everything is gradually coming to life again .
i do not think we should be talking to each other .
tom found out later that the woman he met in the park was mary .
if you are cold , maybe you should put more clothes on .
a bird can glide through the air without moving its wings .
no one knows how long the pandemic will last .
for some reason , we seem to be losing customers .
it is normal for you to feel a bit woozy .
that is the first question that comes to your mind ?
she told me that she had bigger fish to fry .
who knows what he will accomplish if given the chance ?
the boy crammed all his clothes into the bag .
i do not think any of you realize the significance of this .
if he really does not want to go , he should not have to .
i would not tell tom anything if i were you .
i hope you will not tell anyone you saw me leave this house .
most car accidents occur due to the inattention of the driver .
he reminded his wife to wake him up at a . m .
the new model is expected to be put on the market early next year .
do not go near the water until you learn how to swim .
when you leave the room , please make sure you turn off the lights .
i am thinking of visiting you one of these days .
tom wanted to ask a question , but he did not want to seem stupid .
the most essential thing in the world to any individual is to understand himself .
i could never forgive myself if i did that .
tom thinks he is a genius , but i do not agree with him .
let s go to an all you can eat place and have a big dinner .
i want to find out what tom did yesterday .
life s experiences make vivid records on the sensitive plate of his mind .
both my father and my brother work in this factory .
anyone can learn to juggle with a bit of practice .
her ideas on education are very different from mine .
it was not until yesterday that we noticed the animal missing .
the government made no move to solve the housing problem .
we have less than five minutes to evacuate the whole building .
the stars twinkling in the night sky looked like jewels .
when your resources are limited , you have to prioritize .
tom is so intelligent that he stands out in class .
i thought you said you could not eat raw fish .
i do not know if i can speak french well enough to explain this properly .
it was a pleasant day , but there were few people in the park .
i blame tom for what happened to all of us .
this medicine must not be placed within the reach of children .
i think that he is probably not a bad boy .
tom does not think mary will ever come back to boston .
i do not smoke or drink . i just do pills .
the room was pitch black , so i could not see a thing .
if you did not put this here , then who did ?
there used to be a lot of frogs in this pond .
they could not find out why your car will not start .
i did not know tom could play the trombone so well .
i cut the thick branches with a hand saw .
tom wishes for his son to inherit his estate .
i owe what i am today to my uncle .
he said he would give me a call , but he has not yet .
there s something i have to let you know right away .
he is considered one of the greatest scientists in our country .
i think maybe tom has something else to do .
it is true that today women have more rights , but before they had more power .
i cannot get over how different the weather is here .
it is not always possible to eat well when you are traveling in this part of the world .
tom gave them a general idea of what he wanted .
may i call on you at your house tomorrow morning ?
are we going to stay here ? i do not see why not .
a traffic accident deprived him of the use of his left hand .
the washing is taking too long to dry because of the moisture in the air .
she added , as an afterthought , that she was going to do some shopping .
tom said he did not know how to do that .
please get all of your junk out of this room .
have you left the country within the last days ?
i have got to stop eating such sweet ice cream .
the lake was frozen , so we were able to walk to the island .
this is a snapshot of my wife on the beach .
it is time for our children to go to bed .
nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner .
i am sorry that i have not been able to be here for you .
i did not know what else to do , so i just left .
have you ever heard that song sung in french ?
when you are eighteen years old , you are an adult in the united states .
there are a lot of fish in the sea .
it is possible that tom was able to convince mary to do his laundry for him .
how come you know so much about japanese history ?
i am looking forward to visiting your country this winter .
tom will be back just in time for christmas .
the new tunnel is twice as long as the old one .
tom told mary that he did not believe in astrology .
a dye was injected into a vein of the patient s arm .
a stranger came up to me and asked the way .
i will give you a call as soon as i get home .
tom was the one who planted the roses in our garden .
you are the only person i know who can help me .
he was kind enough to show me the way to the station .
he sits in this chair when he watches television .
he said that america declared its independence in .
i think it will be possible to get this ink stain out .
my father and mother were sitting under a tree .
who is in charge of the office while the boss is away ?
could you please tell me again why you are late ?
he is fatter than when i last saw him .
please be sure to take one dose three times a day .
i always enjoy listening to classical music when i have some free time .
i have to stop you from doing that . stop me from doing what ?
in massachusetts , a man is not allowed to marry his wife s grandmother .
how old were you when your father was killed ?
tom had to swallow his pride and admit that he needed help .
we invited him to the party , but he did not show up .
she advised him to give up smoking , but he would not listen to her .
he was found lying unconscious on the kitchen floor .
it is dangerous to jump onto a moving train .
i want everyone in my office in minutes .
you should not allow your son to act like a selfish brat .
people have eaten with their fingers from the beginning of history .
you should spend more time outside and less time inside .
the strange looking woman was thought to be a witch .
he had just finished his homework when the clock struck ten .
this is a nice restaurant . thanks for bringing me here .
my belief is that things will change for the better .
i awoke to find everything had been a dream .
i did not know why tom did not want us there .
the cake is in the oven now and it should be ready to come out in about ten minutes .
i think it is time for me to get a job .
all the goods for sale are set out on the tables .
we hurried , so we did not miss the last bus .
that is the one thing you would have done differently ?
how many times a month do you write a letter to your mother ?
do we have any french homework that needs to be turned in tomorrow ?
i am sorry that i shall not be able to be with you at christmas as i had planned .
i was in the right place at the right time .
you must do the work , even if you do not like it .
tom waited for mary in front of the library all morning .
the combination of these factors has led to an interesting result .
if you agree to buy , of them , we will give you a percent discount .
reading is the kind of habit that once acquired is never lost .
you are , so to speak , a fish out of water .
most japanese eat rice at least once a day .
that is what we need to focus on doing first .
in theory it is possible , but in practice it is very difficult .
i still owe my brother the ten dollars that he lent me last week .
what happened to that friend of yours that you introduced me to last weekend ?
soon , it will not be unheard of to live to .
the kitchen table was bare except for a bowl of fruit .
there s gum stuck to the sole of my shoe .
judging from the expression on her face , she was worried .
we did not expect him to finish the task in so short a time .
a good password should be difficult to guess , but easy to remember .
i think that tom does not know what to do .
it was silly of him to refuse her offer .
he is not as smart as his older brother .
i have already decided who to give my old bicycle to .
is that your first name or your last name ?
tom burned all of the letters that mary had sent him .
be sure to check in at least minutes prior to departure time .
what would it cost to have this chair repaired ?
millions of dollars have been spent trying to shore up the company .
she asked me whether she could use the telephone .
i asked tom to lend me some money , but he refused .
have you noticed a change in the size or color of moles ?
i think it is time to try a new approach .
i noticed that i had grown up when i started following my parents advice .
i do not think it is wise to do that now .
she is rich , certainly , but i do not think she is very smart .
i have not yet done what you have asked me to do .
the faster we rub our hands together , the warmer they get .
the bartender told me you were a regular here .
he is just not the person i thought he was .
there s no way i am taking the rap for his mistakes .
i thought that maybe we could watch a movie .
all of the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs .
who will be coming to the party ? a few friends and four or five colleagues .
this company uses cheap labor to increase its profit margins .
spanish is spoken in most countries of south america .
she seems to have something to do with the affair .
let s hope we can avoid this problem in the future .
my sister has three times as many books as i do .
she has twice as many books as he has .
i would like a word with you if i may .
tom bought a house with a magnificent view of the sea .
i did not have time to read the whole article .
she has a claim on her deceased husband s estate .
when your husband finds out , he will not be happy .
tom wondered how long it would take to finish the job .
i worry about whether i will be a good father .
no matter how much i think about it , i cannot understand it .
they worked each day from the time the sun rose until it set .
you cannot put two saddles on the same horse .
we appreciate the opportunity you have given us to learn more about your organization .
he took advantage of the good weather to do some gardening .
she denied having met him even though we saw them talking to each other .
these glasses do not fit me well . they are too large .
he is very slow at making friends with anybody .
he is french by birth , but he is now a citizen of the usa .
are you sure you do not want to do that ?
tom told us about his last trip to boston .
it is impossible to know what will happen in the future .
what did you do last year on christmas day ?
it takes us half an hour to walk to school .
i am fond of soccer , rugby , football , and so on .
no matter how hard i try , i cannot swim to that rock .
it took me three hours to finish my homework .
it is true that she is pretty , but she is selfish .
it is often said that nothing is more precious than time .
as far as i know , he is a nice guy .
the parking lot in front of the bank was completely full .
do you feel like going out for a drive in the country over the weekend ?
i think you ought to get a little sleep .
everyone wants to go to heaven , but nobody wants to die .
we have got to finish this before we can go home .
the princess kissed the frog and he turned into a handsome prince .
tom asked mary who had been the first to arrive .
whenever i get on the subway , i put my wallet in my front pocket .
i really do not want to sit in the back of the bus .
please see to it that the dog does not go out .
i remember the horror i felt when she screamed .
i had to resort to threats to get my money back .
my brother just received tenure at the university where he teaches .
i really wish i could go with you , but i cannot .
he is too busy dreaming dreams to plan what he will do in his old age .
i never felt this way before i met you .
the death of my grandmother was a great shock .
i know you are not coming to my party , but i wish you were .
the bigger a city grows , the dirtier the air and water become .
are not you going to invite tom to your party ?
she tells him to give her all of his salary and he does .
when we landed , we saw our friend on the pier .
everybody in the park looked up at the hot air balloon .
we gave a party in celebration of his th birthday .
i heard that tom s boss refused to give him a raise .
they wanted to win the war quickly and return to normal life .
tom could not borrow as much money as he needed .
no one has come forward to claim responsibility for what happened .
i do not know why tom did not want us there .
the speaker should stand where everyone can see him .
i recognize that what he says is the truth .
we have not had a price increase in the last five years .
what would you do if you had a million dollars ?
tom said he did not know where mary was planning to go .
convincing tom to do the right thing was hard .
you know as well as i do that tom is not a very good singer .
he cannot tell what is written on the paper .
a strange sound was heard from behind the door .
young as he is , he has a large family to provide for .
before you go hiking in the woods , find out what you should do when you meet a bear .
i am looking for a present for a friend of mine .
did you get my email yesterday with the instructions ?
trying to convince tom will be a waste of time .
i have heard that it is best to always feed your dog at a specific time every day .
i cannot think of a reason not to go to the beach today .
sheep are bred for their fleece and their meat .
i had no idea it would put you to so much trouble .
i need you to take in the hem by about an inch .
was there anything else you wanted me to do ?
its principal exports are iron ore , rubber , diamonds , and gold .
do not sign a delivery receipt unless it accurately lists the goods received .
i cannot finish the job in so short a time .
i think we should clean the carburetor . i already tried that .
the weather was not only cold , it was also damp .
tom and i have been discussing the situation for the past three hours .
six of us are going on an excursion to the beach this weekend .
dad , i am taking the car out for a drive .
i wonder why so many of these nails are bent .
my tv set is almost years old , but it still has a good picture .
i am sorry , but your names are not on the list .
the meeting will be held next week at the earliest .
a team is only as strong as its weakest member .
human beings , whether they realize it or not , continually seek happiness .
we have finished the work , so we may as well go home .
i want to find out what caused the problem .
they carried the injured player away on a stretcher .
there was nothing but sand as far as the eye could see .
tom was sitting at the bar three stools away , drinking beer .
i can speak french and i can also speak english .
it would be nice if you had a wedge of lime i could squeeze into my icewater .
it seems that you are not having fun in here .
he became sick and they laid him on a bench .
it looks like you did a pretty good job .
i caught my son making prank calls to random phone numbers .
i cannot kiss you the way you want to be kissed .
what makes you think i do not like your friends ?
you do not have to be tall to play basketball .
it is not until you have lost your health that you realize its value .
i want this work completed by two o clock tomorrow afternoon .
i had never seen my father cry before that time .
there are no food stores in the immediate area .
it will be hard to convince tom to help us .
you must remove your shoes when you enter a japanese house .
he was elected to the senate in the last election .
he took the trouble to assist the poor man .
tom plays the guitar better than anyone else i know .
when she was in los angeles , she had at least six different jobs .
tom turned off the engine , but left the headlights on .
why do not you ask when you have a problem ?
a girl with blonde hair came to see you .
i am sure tom is going to be hungry when he gets home .
tom came on monday and went back the day after .
in , as in , the world was on the brink of war .
i am sure we can figure out a way to get this done on time .
both drinking and smoking are bad for your health .
while you are about it , please make a cup of coffee for me , too .
how much longer do you suggest we devote to this ?
the doctors said he would never again be able to walk without some support .
could you please take the dog out for a walk ?
i bought a watch and i lost it the next day .
he was moved to tears when he heard the news .
tom told everybody at school about what had happened .
there is a lot of furniture in his room .
it was a dry year , and many animals starved .
i know i am supposed to enjoy this class , but i do not .
the top of mt . fuji was covered with snow .
tom did not know who mary was planning to marry .
i would love to marry you , but my family will not let me .
it is often said that the best way to learn a foreign language is to learn from a native speaker .
do not tell your father you want to become a clown .
when i grow up , i want to be an english teacher .
i give you my permission to do whatever you want to do .
it does not matter to me whether or not i make money doing this .
even a clock that is stopped shows the correct time twice a day .
even tom was not able to answer the teacher s questions .
while waiting for the bus , i was caught in a shower .
do you have any idea where tom might have put his camera ?
i understand what you mean , but i am not sure how to translate it .
she came into the room with her hat on .
the contents of the four registers are preserved by the called subroutine .
tom passed away last winter after a long battle with alzheimer s disease .
he demanded that i should pay the money back at once .
tom had his wisdom teeth taken out by a twenty four year old dentist .
if you ask me , it was just a waste of time .
i ran as fast as possible to catch up with him .
i am being sincere when i say that i love you .
i want you to return the book i lent you the other day .
i heard her speaking english as fluently as an american .
plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials .
the ages of the two children put together was equivalent to that of their father .
tom picked up a book , opened it , and started reading it .
did you tell tom he could go see mary tonight ?
she advised him to stay in bed for two more days .
a meal without wine is like a day without sunshine .
he said he was hungry , and then he added that he was also thirsty .
i stopped off at osaka on my way to tokyo .
i wish my children were as well behaved as yours .
i used a computer in order to save time .
there s a pyramid in mexico bigger than any of those in egypt .
the young man put out his hand and i shook it .
because of the rain , we had to eat our picnic inside .
she sat next to him with her eyes closed .
we need to find a way out of this mess .
she was kind enough to accompany me to the station .
let s get together the next time you come back to boston .
why do you let people treat you like that ?
i do not like my wife calling me at work .
it took me a while to understand what she was trying to say .
would you like me to show you around town ? i would like that .
it makes no difference whether the train is delayed or not .
according to legend , those woods used to be haunted , so people would avoid entering .
to my surprise , the anthropologist was accused of murder .
you already know who i am talking about , do not you ?
i want you to understand this is not going to be easy .
the old cottage has a certain charm about it .
it took me an hour to learn the poem by heart .
we were not as busy as i thought we would be .
i only did that because i had nothing better to do .
i am sorry , there s nothing more i can do for you .
he played the guitar and she played the piano .
my mother has not slept in days due to her illness .
maybe i am unhappy , but i do not intend to kill myself .
recently the demand for this product has increased faster than the supply .
i could not prevent tom from eating all the cookies .
it is a nice day and i feel like taking a walk .
there s been a lawyer in the family for generations .
she availed herself of every opportunity to improve her english .
the little girl played an angel in the christmas play .
if you do not have this program , you can download it now .
they said there was not enough time for a full investigation .
tom compared a picture taken of mary three years ago with one that had been taken recently .
there was an accident on the side of the road .
i have been trying to reach tom for a month .
he learned golf by watching others and following their example .
whatever happened to acid rain ? you do not hear about it in the news anymore .
she greets him every morning as he enters the school building .
they built a town in an area where two rivers met .
there are no hospitals in the vicinity of his house .
i want you to know i will always love you .
is there something in particular that you want to learn ?
my granddaughter just had a baby , so now i am a great grandfather .
it is time for me to strike out on my own .
if i were in your place , i would lend him a hand .
most people think computers will never be able to think .
if you get bit by a rabid dog , you will need a tetanus shot .
i hear that there are people in japan who keep penguins as pets .
a lot of people are going to tell you that you should not have done that .
tom told me why he did not want to go .
no one can deny the fact that fire burns .
i barely managed to finish the letter by eleven o clock .
he asked his father to take him to the store .
it started raining just as i was leaving home .
now i realise why she was angry with me .
no matter how bad it gets , she will not die from that disease .
what i am holding in my hands is a fossilized shell .
tom had to do it even though he did not want to .
how much is he asking for ? a thousand euros .
some birds are sitting on the branch of that tree .
i like to spread honey on my toast in the morning .
i am going to put them in a room and let them battle it out .
some superstitious people in america believe that if a black cat crosses your path , you will have bad luck .
i am sure you did what you thought was the right thing to do .
he works on the farm from morning till night .
we cannot afford to make this kind of mistake again .
i can still remember the time when we went on a picnic together .
seen from the sky , the river looked like a huge snake .
because of the poor harvest , wheat prices have gone up in the last six months .
do not be scared . my dog has not bitten anyone yet .
i did not know that we were not supposed to do that .
tom has not yet finished reading the book that you lent him .
my father is going to go abroad next week .
please book me a room in a first class hotel .
they awarded her first prize at the flower show .
it is difficult to get out of bed on cold mornings .
no practical joker should be without a whoopee cushion .
my high school french teacher was not a native speaker .
unless it is something fairly impressive , i will not remember it .
i did not know you were staying at this hotel .
i do not have the money to buy that book .
you are going the wrong way . you have to turn round .
it is better to be approximately right than completely wrong .
i know what i should have done , but i just did not have enough time to do it .
the skin is the largest organ of the body .
would you mind if i poured myself a cup of coffee ?
do you want me to turn off the computer ? leave it on . i am still using it .
i just do not know how to make it up to you .
why would anyone hide something like that inside this cave ?
he will not be easily discouraged , because he is a tough guy .
it is not what he said , but the way he said it .
not knowing his address , she did not write to him .
tom opened the door and held it open for mary .
when do you intend to come home this evening ?
because his parents had died when he was young , his uncle brought him up .
the fact that i said nothing made him angry .
if tom has a problem with me , he should tell me .
we take it for granted that he will succeed in his business .
i wish i could do that , but i cannot .
the road was closed on account of the flood .
a stampede of desperate parents fill toy stores in the days before christmas .
tom was worried that someone would discover details about his past .
this letter is personal , and i do not want anyone else to read it .
he does not know what it is to be poor .
i can t wait for the pond to freeze so that i can ice skate with my cousins .
it was after a meeting in america that he decided to write a book for non scientists .
do you think it is worthwhile ? i do not think so .
there is nothing worse than doing something in a half hearted manner .
my brother is very important . at least he thinks he is .
hello ! fancy meeting you here ! it is a small world , is not it ?
tom told mary that she should move to boston .
we have to attend that meeting whether we like it or not .
are you saying i have no sense of humor ?
when was the last time you went to an art gallery ?
he used a big piece of paper to make the bag .
tom does not yet know whether he can go or not .
tom may come and visit me any time he wants to .
i am not able to fix the car by myself .
he brought me coffee , when i had asked for tea .
the only time my son talks to me is when he needs some money .
all the songs i sang for you today were written by me .
father comes home from work about nine in the evening .
i just want to make sure we are all on the same page .
i love to spend time trying to put together a puzzle .
it is quite difficult to master french in or years .
she has a percent interest in the company .
how many times a day should i feed my dog ?
did you pick up on that strange tone in his voice ?
sweating allows the human body to regulate its temperature .
can you still remember the time we first met ?
he has a reputation as being straight as an arrow . he would never get involved in corruption .
please let me pick up your sister at the station .
there are many housewives who complain about high prices .
the names of the students who failed in the examination were posted on the bulletin board .
tom said he had to be with his family on christmas .
it is not easy to find the way to the park .
i have a nice pair of shoes that are too small for me . would you like them ?
to have more than one problem before him at one time makes him irritable , upset and exasperated .
he is going to buy a new bicycle next week .
i live near her house , but i seldom see her .
because of the dense fog , nothing could be seen .
do you have any questions about what needs to be done ?
i told tom that i was interested in buying one of his paintings .
tom wants desperately to believe that what mary said is true .
tom found a hundred dollar bill on the street .
i am sleepy because i stayed up all night studying for a test .
this is where i brought my girlfriend on our first date .
i visited paris , but i did not climb the eiffel tower , since i am afraid of heights .
this is just a symptom of a much bigger problem .
she seems to be involved in that murder case .
i have just arrived . i have not even unpacked my suitcases yet .
your feet will lead you to where your heart is .
i like music , and i listen to it every day .
we had native guides on our trip to the mountain .
all you have to do is follow his advice .
i went on vacation , and my plants are still alive .
my friends gave us a whirlwind tour of paris .
i do not go to the movies as often as i would like .
she was allowed to go to the disco on condition that she was back by ten .
i got up early enough to catch the first train .
that coat may have cost a lot of money , but it is worth it .
tom would lend you money if you asked him to .
it took them some time to get used to each other .
there is a tinge of red in the eastern sky .
i do not speak french well enough to do that job .
i would not ask this of you if it were not important .
i always drop in at her house when i go to tokyo .
my uncle says he is about to embark on a new business venture .
i wonder where tom learned how to do that .
few people are on a first name basis with the president .
i cannot believe that she is older than my mother .
if you are to realize your dream , you must work harder .
the thick fog made it hard to see the road .
one hundred and fifty people entered the marathon race .
is there a particular way i am supposed to address you ?
there is little , if any , hope of his being alive .
we took refuge from the storm in a nearby barn .
when should we tell tom this ? now is the best time .
i think we should not be doing this . no one asked you .
as soon as the bell rang , we got up .
if tom were taller , he could open the door .
tom is a bad driver , but he thinks that he is a good driver .
it goes without saying that smoking is bad for the health .
you were supposed to write a word essay by today .
a mere glance is not enough for us to tell one from the other .
i could not go to school for a whole week .
tom promised me that tonight he would sing that new song he wrote .
we can drive in japan when we are eighteen years old .
we are lucky tom is here to help us do this .
the sudden increase of cars is causing a large number of traffic accidents every day .
did you see the sunrise earlier ? it was really beautiful .
tom had to push his bicycle today because it had a flat tire .
the investment firm tricked customers into buying worthless stock .
this is where i was born and brought up .
it is a lot of fun skiing in fresh snow .
i think i would have heard gunshots if there had been any .
i do not switch on the light in my studio at night .
i am looking forward to meeting you all after such a long time .
she had hardly begun to read the book before someone knocked at the door .
what kind of food do you and your family eat on christmas day ?
even though it is small , it is still a great car .
i lost the watch that my father gave me .
tom says he might dye his goatee red and green for christmas .
i should have advised tom to not talk to mary anymore .
the summit nations put free trade at the top of the agenda .
i will be out of town for a few days .
can i make you breakfast sometime ? yes , i would like that very much .
we hired a company to get rid of the insects under our house .
i know tom is about the same age as we are .
she cleared the dishes from the table after dinner .
ronald reagan was born in , in the little town of tampico , illinois .
i would like to ask you some questions about some of the people you have been working for .
the government has taken measures to promote domestic industry .
i looked in my closet for something to wear .
a fund was set up to preserve endangered marine life .
i am very interested in listening to what you have to say .
i am the type who likes to think things over very carefully .
she found the ring that she had lost during the journey .
with his new job , he is taken on more responsibility .
i go to my father s place twice a year .
tom hopes mary knows she needs to do everything john has told her to do .
the lawyer asked the judge to make allowance for the age of the accused .
he met many fascinating people in the course of his travels .
i do not even want to know who you are .
coastal cities will take the brunt of the storm .
there is a bit of whisky in this bottle .
i have not yet made amends with all the people i have hurt .
and now you wish perhaps to learn on less familiar traps ?
that doctrine will no doubt lead to serious consequences .
believe me , everything he is told you is a crock .
i watched baseball on tv after i finished my homework .
i think this is the best way to do it .
i wonder if tom has one i could borrow .
it was too muggy for me to get to sleep last night .
everybody was obeying the speed limit , so i knew there was likely a speed trap ahead .
both of my parents were brought up in the country .
i think it natural for her to decline his offer .
the group put up posters to remind people that noise is harmful .
what kind of beer do you want ? whatever s on tap .
do not forget to brush your teeth before going to bed .
it is nothing more than a job like any other .
i am going to make you an offer that you cannot refuse .
you may stay here if you like , as long as you keep quiet .
you are just the person i want to speak to .
i helped her hang the picture on the wall .
this flower is the most beautiful of all flowers .
the lady that is speaking to that boy is his teacher .
i asked her to go to a movie with me .
i want everything in order by this time tomorrow .
tires wear down because of friction between the rubber and the road surface .
a good sense of humor will help you deal with hard times .
i do not know whether tom still lives here or not .
tom did not believe that mary had anything to do with the theft .
as soon as we got to the lake , we started swimming .
a number of countries have strict laws against drugs .
you are the only one who can solve this problem .
just wait a little please . he has not arrived yet .
i asked my teacher what i should do next .
we were stuck for hours in a traffic jam .
no one is so poor that he cannot afford to be neat .
last night my daughter did not come home until half past one .
imagine if you started hiccoughing and you could not stop .
get the money ready by evening or i will come back with the police .
i am starting to think we will never be able to do this .
we need to let the paint dry before we can apply another coat .
i usually toss my loose change into my desk drawer .
we cannot live even one more day without water .
that is one of the weirdest things i have ever seen .
tom told me that he could not really trust microsoft .
the boy could not find his way out of the maze .
tom called his wife to say he would be late .
every year , millions of people die of hunger in africa .
it is next to impossible to finish it in a day .
i saw a young couple cuddling on a park bench .
she had an unassuming air that put everyone at ease .
stores are closed in the afternoon because of the heat .
such a person invariably expends his physical energy more slowly .
she may have argued with him , but i do not think she could have hit him .
the lamp was suspended from the branch of a tree .
they say that you never get over your first love .
my legs hurt because i walked a lot today .
the sun comes up in the east and goes down in the west .
it was extremely hot , so i took my coat off .
we had a very nice christmas with tom and his family .
my weight has not changed in the last three years .
a few minutes walk brought him to the zoo .
my father told me not to read books in bed .
go change quickly or else i will not take you with me .
the woman managed the drunk as if he were a child .
in order to use a computer , you must learn to type .
how much is the car you are planning to buy ?
quite a few people were present at the meeting yesterday .
more and more people are falling behind in their mortgage payments .
are you sure you do not want to come tonight ?
i can spot you from a distance with your long , white hair .
just as we are talking , there was a loud explosion .
i had no idea of what she intended to do .
tom and mary got back together after a trial separation .
it is necessary to have a license to drive a car .
i do not think he is playing with a full deck .
this is enough , is not it ? yeah , i guess so .
this book is easy enough for children to read .
i wish there were a better translation of this book .
the senator has a very demanding schedule this week .
he worked day and night so that his family could live in comfort .
asia is roughly four times the size of europe .
i assure you that an error like this will never happen again .
new office buildings seem to be sprouting up all over the city .
on a first date , it is best to steer clear of touchy subjects .
i am pretty sure tom knows what he is supposed to do .
i will tell him about it when he comes next time .
the meeting started with some general chit chat to break the ice .
tom spent the whole morning getting ready for his presentation .
tom was going to lie , but he ended up spilling the beans .
lend me the binoculars so i can see it better .
the two politicians met face to face for the first time .
they sat in the shade of that big tree .
the taxi driver refused to take us to that part of town .
tom did not seem surprised when i told him where i would gone .
i am not flexible enough to sit in the lotus position .
there was lavender in bloom as far as the eye could see .
the peddler carried a big bundle on his back .
i have looked everywhere , but i cannot find my purse .
i ate some greek food at a nearby restaurant just a few days ago .
when they got to the station , the train had already left .
who sings the best of all the boys in your class ?
i will tell tom what a great job you did .
i am not going to tell you how to do that .
we bought our plane tickets two months in advance .
there are more girls than boys in this school .
are you telling me tom does not do that anymore ?
no one is able to run as fast as tom .
i would like to buy the car you are selling , but i do not have enough money right now .
i do not think tom knows you have a boyfriend .
you forgot to lock your office door yesterday when you left .
i want a car , but i have no money to buy one .
i never should have let you go home alone last night .
it is a miracle that no one was killed in the crash .
coffee prices have jumped almost in six months .
if tom ate more vegetables , he would probably be healthier .
i just wish we could leave this horrible place .
all i want for christmas is a new tattoo .
sister , do not let this patient out of your sight .
who broke the news of her death to you ?
i can understand why you do not want to eat there .
we still do not know that is going to happen next .
it was a fine day so i went on a picnic .
i cannot bear the thought of being without you .
tom was mauled by a dog when he was a kid .
as soon as the results are made public , i will let you know .
i just remembered something i have to do before tomorrow morning .
i think there s only a slim chance of that happening .
tom asked mary to teach him how to play the ukulele .
i lost the door key , so i cannot enter the house .
sometimes the first symptom of cardiovascular disease is death .
the poor talker sometimes surprises us by being a good writer .
our kids are all tucked in . now we can kick back and relax .
please step back from the edge of the platform .
tom saw both mary and john getting out of their cars .
if you do not have this key , you will not be able to get in .
the platypus , a small amphibious australian mammal , is a very shy animal .
do not tell me what i can and cannot do .
i have just eaten some sushi and drunk a beer .
we are a bit busy at the moment . can you hang on a minute ?
she cried and cried , but no one came to comfort her .
i often told you to do your duty , but you would not listen to me .
what makes you think that tom prefers living in the country ?
i did not have time to do everything that needed to be done .
acidification of the ocean will , in time , threaten the very existence of the great barrier reef .
there are a few magazines on the coffee table .
it does not seem like it is going to stop raining .
the prime minister spoke about the financial crisis at length .
i think this table takes up too much space .
this is the place where the battle took place .
you cannot just leave us here with no food and water .
to tell the truth , i drove my father s car without his permission .
her hair was so long that it reached the floor .
i knew that tom did not want to do that , but i wanted him to do it anyway .
actually it might be a good idea to start right now .
just because something is possible does not make it a good idea .
it would be a good idea to try doing that .
i am happy that you were able to find a job so quickly .
because of a shortage of work , half the staff was discharged .
could you lower your voice , please ? i am really hung over .
are you sure that you want to quit your job ?
if tom needs help , we can give it to him .
if i have any more questions , where can i find you ?
the meeting was not as boring as i thought it would be .
he told us such a funny story that we all laughed .
a person with a bmi of to is considered overweight .
this is one of the most dangerous places on earth .
what are you going to do ? tell your mom ?
buses in the country do not usually come on time .
i cannot go to the concert with you tonight .
i do not care as long as you are happy .
if you do not like the service , do not leave a tip .
if you are to know a nation , you must learn its history .
tom told mary that she should not walk alone after dark .
i wish i could explain to you how important this is to me .
i am one of the thirty people who have to do that .
i feel more alert after drinking a cup of coffee .
the media blew the whole thing out of proportion .
that is obvious is that you are not very happy here .
i am afraid i have to ask you to leave .
he laid down his pen and leaned back in his chair .
to be frank , i do not want you to come to our party .
she bought him a dog . however , he was allergic to dogs , so they had to give it away .
a solution acceptable to all parties was finally reached .
i do not like people to know that i cannot speak french well .
i still think about her from time to time .
three years have gone by since we got married .
if you want to sell your old sofa , why not put an advertisement in the local paper ?
how did you know that i like tom ? you can tell just by looking .
i want you to stay here until i get back .
what do you want me to do with these ?
is there anyone here who knows someone in australia ?
the national debt has trebled in the last ten years .
i cannot send you all the files at the same time .
i had a hunch something pleasant was going to happen .
did it really take three hours to do that ?
i am going in the same direction . come with me . i will take you there .
who would want to live in a place like this ?
lie on the bench for a while with your eyes closed .
the letter is being written at this very minute .
are you sure that you do not want me to go with you ?
grandmother s ashes are in an urn at the temple .
i do not know who i will miss more , you or your brother .
he has a reputation for taking a long time to make a decision .
i cannot tell you the answer to that yet .
i am getting kind of hungry . let s go get something to eat .
if you have a fever , it would be a good idea to go to the hospital right away .
how hard is it to get a fake id ?
do not you think you are overreacting just a little bit ?
tom chose to spend christmas with mary rather than with his family .
there was a brazilian girl in my class last year .
she failed in her attempt to swim the channel .
sitting down all day and looking at a computer screen is bad for you .
he did not make public what he had discovered there .
i do not know about the others , but as for me , i am for it .
stop making a fool of yourself . everyone is laughing at you .
you might want to think about this a little longer .
i just want you to tell tom what you told me .
he spoke in a broken english that was hard to understand .
what do you say to going out for a short walk ?
it is not going to be easy to finish this job on time .
when i was strolling along the beach this morning , i found this bottle .
once you walk through the gates , you will see the garden .
they accused the president of not caring about the common man .
tom lived in that small house for a little over ten years .
my car is in the parking lot behind this building .
nothing gave her greater pleasure than to watch her son growing up .
i do not want to be alone my whole life .
it is not manly to speak ill of others behind their backs .
i quit my job and moved so i could start off with a clean slate .
we predict that christmas sales will be better than expected .
i would never have guessed that tom could not swim .
tom always walks to school when it is not raining .
everybody in the car said they wanted to get out and stretch their legs .
he scrunched down in his seat so that i would not see him .
demand for imported cars is increasing due to lower prices .
you should have told me a long time ago .
the mafia boss was killed in a hail of machine gun fire .
does this sentence sound like something a native speaker would say ?
i lost a shoe . i am sure that someone hid it .
his weight is double what it was ten years ago .
i would rather stay home than go out in this weather .
what you said makes absolutely no sense to me .
no child wants to be treated like a baby .
i could not get out of my garage because there was a car in the way .
for the time being , my sister is an assistant in a supermarket .
once you have formed a bad habit , you cannot get rid of it easily .
i know you will not believe this , but i swear it is true .
let s go to the movies , shall we ? yes , let s .
we had to shut the window because of the mosquitoes .
do i hear a note of trepidation in your voice ?
he can do anything he sets his mind to .
it took a long time to bring him around to our point of view .
did you try playing that song on your guitar ?
it was not until i reached home that i missed my purse .
tom got up from the table and walked into the kitchen .
they came up with a plan after a long discussion .
he seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me .
i know you do not want to talk about what happened .
of the three boys , the youngest is the most attractive .
tom warned mary to stay away from his house .
he had not eaten all day long and was very hungry .
which is your book , this one or that one ?
this theory is too difficult for me to comprehend .
the students must not enter the teachers room this week .
there was nothing but an old chair in the room .
tom s dog left muddy paw prints all over his new carpet .
tom looked at mary and then winked at her .
she sat on the bed as her mother braided her hair .
he kept on gambling , trying in vain to recoup his losses .
if you could go back in time , what would you change ?
she sent me a postcard that said she hates the smell of animals .
this is the reason why i did not come yesterday .
show me what you have in your left hand .
all of a sudden , i remembered that i could not pay for so many books .
i am afraid even your friends cannot save you now .
industrialization had a great influence on the development of the economy in japan .
if you get your right ear pierced , that means you are gay .
the heavy snow made them put off their departure .
on hearing the news of the birth of his first child , he jumped for joy .
was this wall built to keep people out or to keep them in ?
the problem was that i had nothing to say to him .
if she would taken her doctor s advice , she might not have died .
the ball hit him on the left side of the head .
we are going to invite tom and mary to our halloween party .
we were wakened by the whistle of the steam locomotive at dawn .
i know he will only continue disappointing me , but i cannot help loving him .
in the past , there was never this much snow .
i bought a backpack at the army surplus store .
science has brought about many changes in our lives .
his salary is double what it was seven years ago .
i want to watch that is on tv right now .
the second the mailman comes , he rushes out to pick up his mail .
my cat likes it when i scratch her behind the ears .
he often accuses her of never listening to what he says .
surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher .
since i had met him once before , i recognized him right away .
the milky way consists of about a hundred billion stars .
there were many things that we needed to do to prepare for our trip .
let s get the work over with so we can relax .
you have got a lot of nerve bringing me here under false pretenses .
you are going to break it if you are not careful .
in swimming pools , water is continuously pumped through a filter .
i would just like to know what i did wrong .
i am going to try to be much more careful from now on .
i want to write my girlfriend a love letter in french .
i wonder if tom misses me when i am gone .
tom told mary that he did not like her sense of humor .
the traffic accident deprived the young man of his sight .
it took me three days to clean the room .
the last time i saw tom , he was on a stretcher .
the baby is in his crib , sucking on his pacifier .
the law will be effective from the st of april .
the river is shallow here . we can walk across .
we were shocked at the news of his death .
tom does not know the difference between a wolf and a fox .
i know that it is highly unlikely that we will be able to sell all this stuff .
tom was shorter than me when we were kids .
i need to get rid of a lot of things that i do not use anymore .
we cannot reimburse you without proof that you made the purchase .
what state did you visit and how long did you stay ?
hideo turned the steering wheel sharply to avoid the bicyclist .
no matter how hard i try , i cannot remember the exact words .
the last bus had already gone when i got to the bus stop .
the astronauts were greeted with cheers and applause of an enthusiastic crowd .
it is you who are to blame for the failure .
would you like to add anything to what i have said ?
when funds are limited , priorities need to be set .
perhaps you would like me to play a song for you . i would like that .
tom is a warlock and mary is a witch .
she told the story with tears in her eyes .
things change from time to time , and one should change with them .
i cannot believe you actually did something like that .
he wore a mask so no one would recognize him .
we arrived at the airport three hours before our flight .