i saw a man get hit by a car .
all i can do is to do my best .
i did it the way he told me to .
i felt it was my duty to do it .
we plan to go as far as we can .
why do i have to go to my room ?
can i get a cup of coffee to go ?
do you mind if i take a day off ?
do you mind if i turn on the tv ?
he did it the way i told him to .
he will be back in a day or two .
how hard is it to get a fake id ?
i had a son who died in the war .
i know we can do this if we try .
i told tom why i had to do that .
i wish i had a reason not to go .
my boss is twice as old as i am .
all you have to do is to join us .
do you mind if i sit next to you ?
do you mind if i turn off the ac ?
do you want to take a look at it ?
do you want to talk to me or not ?
he is the last man i want to see .
i am not the person i used to be .
i felt a drop of rain on my head .
i get paid a lot to do what i do .
i had a cold , so i stayed in bed .
i have a coat , but i have no hat .
i have to pick up my son at 2:30 .
i know how hard it is to do that .
i lost one of my boys in the war .
i think tom has a long way to go .
i want to go home to see my wife .
i'll let you know in a day or so .
i'm not as agile as i used to be .
it was so hot i took my coat off .
all i want is for you to be happy .
all you have to do is to meet her .
as far as i know , he's a nice guy .
as the bus was late , i got a taxi .
do you mind if i turn down the tv ?
do you want me to call you a taxi ?
he put the skis on top of the car .
how about you and i go for a walk ?
how can i know if a girl likes me ?
i awoke to find a bird in my room .
i came to warn you not to do that .
i can give you a lift if you like .
i can't go now . i have work to do .
i didn't do what i was told to do .
i don't know if i can do this job .
i don't see why i need to do this .
i don't want you to do what i did .
i go to any party i am invited to .
i have a right to be on this ship .
i just did what you told me to do .
i owe what i am today to my uncle .
i saw a white bird on my way home .
i told you i need a few more days .
i told you it was a waste of time .
i told you not to call me at work .
i told you to leave it in the car .
i want tom to take a look at that .
i want a tie to go with this suit .
i want to buy a pair of ski boots .
i want you to have a copy of this .
i want you to know how sorry i am .
i want you to take a look at this .
i was born the same day as my dog .
i wish i had a reason not to stay .
i'd like a word with you if i may .
i'm not as rich as i'd like to be .
i'm not rich , nor do i wish to be .
i'm not the same guy i used to be .
if i had time to do that , i would .
is that all you have to say to me ?
look , i want you to do me a favor .
she may be a nurse . i am not sure .
we have to do the work in one day .
air is to us what water is to fish .
all i want now is a glass of water .
all i want you to do is talk to us .
do you mind if i take my shirt off ?
have i told you how i broke my leg ?
he didn't say a word to me all day .
he has been sick in bed for a week .
he has twice as many books as i do .
he is very clever for a boy of ten .
he may be the very man that i need .
he was dazed by a blow to the head .
how can i get to the zoo from here ?
i am about as big as my father now .
i am so busy that i can't help you .
i can make the time to talk to you .
i did not expect it to be that big .
i do not think that she is at home .
i don't know what i can do to help .
i don't know what i want to do yet .
i don't know why i have to do this .
i don't need to be told what to do .
i don't think tom is as fast as me .
i don't want my son to be like you .
i don't want to be a burden to you .
i don't want to be told what to do .
i feel it's a tad risky to do that .
i found a note on my door from tom .
i get paid at the end of the month .
i got off with a slap on the wrist .
i got to the bus stop just in time .
i have a bad pain in my lower back .
i have a fever and i ache all over .
i hope no one saw you come in here .
i just did what they told me to do .
i just did what you asked me to do .
i know it won't be easy to do that .
i love you and i want to marry you .
i owe what i am today to my father .
i think i saw a ghost in the woods .
i think it's best if i go home now .
i thought you had to be up by 7 . 30 .
i told tom i wanted to go with him .
i told tom how to get to our house .
i told tom why i wanted to do that .
i want a book to read on the train .
i want to do my job the best i can .
i want you to love me for who i am .
i want you to tell me who did this .
i'll be out of town for a few days .
i'm not in the mood to do that now .
i'm not sure i want to do this now .
if i don't do it now , i never will .
is this a good time to buy a house ?
it looks like i came at a bad time .
it may be that he is not a bad man .
it was so cold that we made a fire .
it won't be hard for us to do that .
it won't be hard for us to do this .
it's time for you to buy a new car .
mary came up to me when she saw me .
there are a lot of fish in the sea .
there is a lot of snow on the roof .
they went on a trip a few days ago .
tom is tall , but not as tall as me .
who are you to tell us we can't go ?
you don't know tom as well as i do .
a map helps us to know where we are .
air is to man what water is to fish .
air is to men what water is to fish .
all you have to do is try your best .
all you have to do is write it down .
are you telling me how to do my job ?
as far as i know , he is not married .
as soon as the bell rang , we got up .
can one of you open the door for me ?
can you tell me what you want to do ?
did you get here by bus or by train ?
do you mind if i turn off the light ?
do you think what she said is a lie ?
do you want me to watch tom for you ?
do you want to see what i just made ?
don't treat me as if i were a child .
he can run as fast as any other boy .
he comes to see my son now and then .
he cried as if he were a boy of six .
he is as great a poet as ever lived .
he is not too poor to buy a bicycle .
he is not what he was ten years ago .
he is what we call a man of culture .
he put the key on the desk as usual .
he told me that i could use his car .
he was fed up with life in the city .
his name is on the tip of my tongue .
i almost died a year and a half ago .
i as well as my brother am to blame .
i asked a friend of mine to help us .
i beg you to give me a little water .
i can do it if you give me a chance .
i can hear you , but i can't see you .
i caught a cold , and i have a fever .
i didn't do what they told me to do .
i didn't get to the end of the book .
i didn't know that i had to do that .
i don't know any other way to do it .
i don't know if i can do that again .
i don't know why he said that to me .
i don't know why we need to do that .
i don't like the way you talk to me .
i don't need you to take care of me .
i don't think he is fit for the job .
i gave tom a chance to work with me .
i go to bed at ten o'clock at night .
i go to the beach as often as i can .
i got out of the car at 40th street .
i got tired of lying in bed all day .
i had a good idea a few minutes ago .
i have a car that was made in japan .
i have a lot of things i want to do .
i have no idea what i'm going to do .
i have no idea where i left my keys .
i have no idea why she got so angry .
i have no one to turn to except you .
i have nothing to say to any of you .
i have to take a bus to go anywhere .
i hope we can make it to your party .
i hope you like what i made for you .
i just got there as fast as i could .
i just want you to know i regret it .
i knew there had to be a better way .
i knew this was too good to be true .
i know tom and only tom can do that .
i know tom told mary not to do that .
i know it's not as easy as it looks .
i left some stuff i need in the car .
i need more time to make up my mind .
i need to tell my wife i'll be late .
i owe what i am today to my parents .
i think it would be hard to do that .
i think we have a lot to talk about .
i think you know where i want to go .
i told you this was a waste of time .
i tried my best to get here on time .
i want a knife to cut the rope with .
i want my parents to be proud of me .
i want to hear what you have to say .
i want to show you what tom gave me .
i want you in my office in one hour .
i want you to go to boston with tom .
i want you to help me choose a book .
i want you to know you can trust me .
i was bitten in the leg by that dog .
i was hot , so i switched on the fan .
i will never tell a lie from now on .
i wish i could do that , but i can't .
i wonder if tom knows how busy i am .
i wonder if you could do me a favor .
i'd like to get you both to help me .
i'll be in my office if you need me .
i'll do my best to be ready on time .
i'm not as gullible as i used to be .
i'm not as stupid as you think i am .
i'm not even sure if this is my key .
if i don't do it , it won't get done .
if i told you , i'd have to kill you .
if you don't want me to go , i won't .
if you ever need a job , come see me .
if you give me a book , i'll read it .
it is a pity that you can't join us .
it was very nice of you to say that .
it's all over for me . i lost my job .
my father is not as old as he looks .
she felt as if she had seen a ghost .
she was born at six a . m . on july 17 .
the doctor did a good job on my leg .
the old man was almost hit by a car .
the word is on the tip of my tongue .
this is just the type of car i want .
this word is both a noun and a verb .
tom and i did our best to help mary .
tom came here to ask us to help him .
tom did exactly as i told him to do .
tom may not be as happy as he seems .
tom only does what i tell him to do .
tom told mary he had to talk to her .
tom took his new car out for a spin .
we didn't want to go , but we had to .
we saw a lot of ships in the harbor .
what can i do to help you right now ?
what he said turned out to be a lie .
what time do you want me to be here ?
what was it that we were told to do ?
why did you wait so long to tell me ?
why do you need to read such a book ?
you could sit on my lap if you want .
you don't know how to do it , do you ?
you don't think i can do it , do you ?
will you go ? i will if i have to .
an old man sat next to me on the bus .
anyone can do it as long as they try .
are you going to stay in bed all day ?
as far as i know , he's an honest man .
as far as i know , she is a kind girl .
as soon as i got home , i went to bed .
can i talk to you alone for a second ?
can you tell me what day it is today ?
can you tell me where i can find tom ?
could i talk to the two of you alone ?
did you come here by train or by bus ?
do a lot of people live in your town ?
do you eat it with a spoon or a fork ?
do you have a file in the tool chest ?
do you have any idea what time it is ?
do you mind if i ask a few questions ?
do you mind if i take off my sweater ?
do you think it was tom who did that ?
do you want me to sing you a lullaby ?
do you want to come eat at our house ?
do you want to go to a movie tonight ?
do you want to go to the zoo with me ?
don't try to do two things at a time .
don't you want to ask me what i want ?
either you or i must go in his place .
he came to tokyo at the age of three .
he did it not for me but for himself .
he did what he promised to do for me .
he is by far the wisest of the three .
he left japan at the end of the year .
he let his dog run free in the field .
he must be crazy to say such a thing .
he ran toward me as fast as he could .
he said he would see me the next day .
he took pity on me and helped me out .
he was born in a small town in italy .
he will be my deputy while i am away .
how can i tell if i'm really in love ?
how do you know i even want that job ?
how many times a week do you do that ?
how many times a week do you eat out ?
i am going to have a great day today .
i am not the captain of the new team .
i asked her to go to a movie with me .
i asked him if i could read his book .
i awoke to find a burglar in my room .
i can buy what i need on my way home .
i can't do what i'm being paid to do .
i can't keep my coat on in this heat .
i can't put up with the way he spits .
i can't talk right now . i need to go .
i did say that , but i didn't mean it .
i didn't know tom was going to do it .
i didn't say it was going to be easy .
i don't care if our team wins or not .
i don't eat out as often as i'd like .
i don't get paid as much as i'd like .
i don't get up as early as my mother .
i don't have a lot of time right now .
i don't have time to talk to you now .
i don't know if i should stay or run .
i don't know what you want me to say .
i don't know when i can take a break .
i don't know why tom is scared of me .
i don't like the way he looks at you .
i don't like the way he speaks to me .
i don't see tom as often as i'd like .
i don't think she is fit for the job .
i don't think we can do it that soon .
i feel very sick . i want to throw up .
i felt it was necessary , so i did it .
i gave orders i was to be left alone .
i grasped the rope so as not to fall .
i guess it's too late to do that now .
i had a drink or two before you came .
i had my hair cut at a barber's shop .
i have a son not much older than you .
i have no idea how to use this thing .
i have no idea what tom said to mary .
i haven't got rid of my bad cold yet .
i kept the $20 i found in the street .
i know tom is a lot taller than mary .
i know tom won't allow me to do that .
i know him by name , but not by sight .
i know him by sight , but not by name .
i love both of you with all my heart .
i love the sound of rain on the roof .
i make it a rule not to stay up late .
i met him on my way home from school .
i need to ask you for a little favor .
i need you to focus and listen to me .
i now know what i told you was wrong .
i plan to get a job as soon as i can .
i refuse to be taken in by her guile .
i saw a black cat run into the house .
i see why you don't want to go there .
i still don't know what i want to do .
i still love the way you smile at me .
i talk to tom on the phone every day .
i think i can do it in my spare time .
i think it's going to be a good year .
i think it's time for me to speak up .
i think it's time for you to grow up .
i think it's too late to do that now .
i think that it was tom who did that .
i think you are the one who broke it .
i think you know what has to be done .
i think you know why i can't do that .
i thought i saw a rabbit on the road .
i took a shower and then went to bed .
i tried to get tom to learn to drive .
i used one of my old shirts as a rag .
i used to play with a couple of boys .
i used to take a walk in the morning .
i want to be someone you can turn to .
i want you focus on the here and now .
i want you to play the guitar for me .
i want you to tell me how to do this .
i was just doing what had to be done .
i was late because i had a flat tire .
i was sick , so i didn't go to school .
i went for a walk to try to sober up .
i went to get the file you asked for .
i went to the airport to see him off .
i went to the library to read a book .
i wish i could help you , but i can't .
i wish i could take back what i said .
i woke up in the middle of the night .
i wonder if tom is trying to kill me .
i wonder if tom will ask for my help .
i would like you to go instead of me .
i wouldn't bet on that if i were you .
i'd like to go with you , but i can't .
i'll see what else i can find to eat .
i'll try to do that before i go home .
i'm glad to be the one who tells you .
i'm glad to have a roof over my head .
i'm lucky that no one saw me do that .
i'm not in the mood to do that today .
i'm not sure if it's a boy or a girl .
i'm not the only one who can do this .
i'm not the only one who wants to go .
i'm sorry it had to be done this way .
i'm sure tom told you not to do that .
i'm sure it won't be easy to do that .
i've got a meeting i've got to go to .
i've taught my dog to sit up and beg .
if i pay you a dollar , we'll be even .
if i were a bird , i could fly to you .
if you need me , i'll be in my office .
is there any other way i can pay you ?
it is time for me to take a vacation .
it isn't good to read in a dark room .
it seems to me that we should go now .
it was tom who told me you were sick .
it was a nice day to go to the beach .
it was in london that i last saw her .
it was kind of you to do that for us .
it was too nice a day to stay inside .
it was too windy to play in the park .
it wasn't us who you saw in that car .
it's a good idea , but is it worth it ?
it's only over if you let it be over .
let me tell you how tom and mary met .
may i count on you to get me the job ?
my father is busy as a bee every day .
my father is too busy to take a walk .
my teacher put in a good word for me .
my uncle has made me what i am today .
no one is able to run as fast as tom .
on a clear day , you can see mt . fuji .
our dog was nearly run over by a car .
she has about as many stamps as i do .
she has an uncle who works in a bank .
she hit me on the head with a hammer .
she used the car to go to the office .
tell tom i don't want to talk to him .
tell tom i'll pick him up on the way .
the dog was in a box under the table .
there are a lot of books in his room .
there are a lot of fish in that lake .
there are a lot of girls in the room .
there was a lot of food in the house .
there's so much i want to say to you .
this desk is a little too low for me .
this kind of book is of no use to us .
this lid is so tight i can't open it .
this lid is too tight for me to open .
this old car is yours if you want it .
tom and i went to a party last night .
tom asked mary if she had to do that .
tom asked mary to wake him up at six .
tom had his car key in his left hand .
tom is a warlock and mary is a witch .
tom is one of the nicest guys i know .
tom is the kind of man you can trust .
tom led a quiet life in a quiet town .
tom puts gas in his car twice a week .
tom said he was ill , which was a lie .
tom told me why he didn't want to go .
was it hard for you to find my house ?
was that all you wanted to say to me ?
we don't need a visa to go to france .
we got a taxi so we wouldn't be late .
we have a lot more food than we need .
we sang in a choir when we were kids .
we want tom to know he can come home .
what do you want me to do with these ?
what kind of woman do you think i am ?
what time will you have to go to bed ?
why are you up at this time of night ?
you are very kind to show me the way .
you can get there by train or by bus .
you don't know what it is to be poor .
you don't need to be in such a hurry .
you have no idea who that is , do you ?
you may as well tell me all about it .
you wanted me to get a job , so i did .
you won't be able to get up so early .
are you a cop ? no . why do you ask ?
are you angry at me ? you bet i am !
a bat is no more a bird than a rat is .
a wise man would not say such a thing .
a wisp of hair fell over his left eye .
a young man waited in line to see him .
all i ask is that you show up on time .
all i ask of you is a little patience .
all i know is that he came from china .
all i know is that she left last week .
all you have to do is wash the dishes .
ask him whether she is at home or not .
can i talk to you for a second please ?
can you shut the door on your way out ?
can you tell us a bit more about that ?
could you drop me off at the bus stop ?
do slugs die if you pour salt on them ?
do we really have to go home so early ?
do you go to school on foot every day ?
do you guys want to read what i wrote ?
do you mind if i go back to sleep now ?
do you mind if i watch tv for a while ?
do you need me to give you some money ?
do you think i'm the one who did this ?
do you think it'll be hard to do that ?
do you want to get out of here or not ?
do you want to see what else i've got ?
don't tell me what i can and can't do .
don't you want to know who i was with ?
don't you want to know why i did that ?
have a cup of milk . it'll do you good .
he asked me to go to a movie with him .
he did a real snow job on my daughter .
he did his best never to think of her .
he did his best to carry out the plan .
he did nothing but lie in bed all day .
he doesn't know what it is to be poor .
he gave me what money he had with him .
he has a large desk in his small room .
he has a scraggly beard and a bum leg .
he is a man who can always be trusted .
he is fatter than when i last saw him .
he is my friend . do you guys know him ?
he is the last man to do such a thing .
he put on his coat and left the house .
he still comes to see me now and then .
he was given a gold watch as a reward .
he was lying on his back on the beach .
he was made to do it against his will .
he was so sad that he almost went mad .
he went to the airport to see her off .
he's got an uncle who works in a bank .
her one wish was to see her son again .
his car broke down on the way to work .
how are you ? did you have a good trip ?
how dare you talk to my son like that !
how did you get a naked picture of me ?
how far is it from new york to london ?
how far is it from here to the museum ?
how hard is it to get a fake passport ?
how many times a week do you eat rice ?
how many times do i need to repeat it ?
i already told tom what i want to buy .
i am sorry that my friend is not here .
i asked her to pick me up around four .
i asked him where i could park my car .
i bought a few eggs and a little milk .
i can lend you some money if you like .
i can't bear to see him cry like that .
i can't do it alone . i need your help .
i can't even afford to buy a used car .
i can't go with you . i have a meeting .
i can't help the way i feel about you .
i can't think of any reason not to go .
i cannot feel at home in such a hotel .
i didn't think we'd be able to get in .
i don't care as long as you are happy .
i don't eat as much meat as i used to .
i don't even want to know who you are .
i don't get paid very much to do that .
i don't know how i'm going to do that .
i don't know if i can do this anymore .
i don't know what i'm going to do now .
i don't know what i'm going to do yet .
i don't know who i can ask for advice .
i don't know why tom hates me so much .
i don't like the way she speaks to me .
i don't like the way you laugh at her .
i don't need them to do me any favors .
i don't remember if i did that or not .
i don't see a horse , but i see a wolf .
i don't think i want to talk about it .
i don't want to buy this kind of sofa .
i don't want to speak ill of the dead .
i don't want you to go back to boston .
i don't want you to know my real name .
i don't want you to spend money on me .
i drank a cup of coffee to stay awake .
i felt i just had to get off the ship .
i forgot to write my name on the exam .
i found a nice place to have a picnic .
i go to school only three days a week .
i go to the library from time to time .
i got cold feet and decided not to go .
i got shampoo in my eyes and it hurts .
i happen to be very good at what i do .
i have a friend who cuts his own hair .
i have a new camera i want you to see .
i have no idea what i should be doing .
i have no idea what i'm going to wear .
i have no one else to turn to but you .
i have to go on a diet to lose weight .
i have to say goodbye to a few people .
i have to stop that . it's a bad habit .
i haven't decided yet if i want to go .
i hear from my mother once in a while .
i hope tom is the last one to do that .
i hope we don't have to wait too long .
i just don't want our luck to run out .
i just don't want to see you get hurt .
i just sent you a present in the mail .
i just want to know who's in the room .
i just want to make sure we all agree .
i just wanted to see if i could do it .
i know tom is still in love with mary .
i know a very good way to get it done .
i know how proud you are of your work .
i know how we can make a lot of money .
i know lots of people want to do that .
i let him spend the night in my house .
i like the way she laughs at my jokes .
i lost my wallet on the way to school .
i love you more deeply than i can say .
i need a vase to put these flowers in .
i needed a place to sit down and rest .
i only have four toes on my left foot .
i remember the year when he got a job .
i rushed out to see what was going on .
i said that i could , not that i would .
i saw a white dog jump over the fence .
i saw this movie a very long time ago .
i see him in the library now and then .
i suppose you want me to pay for this .
i swear to you i'll never do it again .
i think i ate a little too much today .
i think i'm going to buy one of those .
i think tom was as surprised as i was .
i think it's time for me to get a dog .
i think it's time for me to get a job .
i think it's time for me to go to bed .
i think it's time for me to leave now .
i think this is the best way to do it .
i think this is the only way to do it .
i think you and i can help each other .
i think you and i need to have a talk .
i thought i told you to cut your hair .
i thought it was the least i could do .
i thought it would be hard to do that .
i tied my dog to a tree in the garden .
i tied my dog to the tree in the yard .
i told you i wasn't going to call tom .
i told you his name was tom , didn't i ?
i told you not to call me on weekends .
i told you not to tell that to anyone .
i want a car that runs on solar power .
i want the two of you to quit arguing .
i want to know what you see right now .
i want to sleep in my own bed tonight .
i want you to be here when i get back .
i want you to get a good night's rest .
i want you to run to the store for me .
i wanted to talk to them face to face .
i was just in time for the last train .
i was never told that i needed a visa .
i went out for a beer with my friends .
i went there early to get a good seat .
i went to sleep as soon as i got home .
i went to the hospital to see my wife .
i wish i had more time to talk to you .
i wish you had told me the truth then .
i won't do that unless you want me to .
i won't take up any more of your time .
i wonder if tom lied to us about that .
i wonder what i'll do once i get home .
i wondered if i could do such a thing .
i worked on a farm when i was younger .
i'll be out of town for a week or two .
i'll pick you up at your home at five .
i'll try not to be late in the future .
i'm afraid i have to ask you to leave .
i'm going to drop in on her next week .
i'm not able to fix the car by myself .
i'm not as gullible as you think i am .
i'm not as smart as people think i am .
i'm not cut out for this type of work .
i'm not going to force you to do that .
i'm not going to try to do that today .
i'm not now in a position to help you .
i'm not sure yet , but i might do that .
i'm not the one who told tom to leave .
i'm so happy , i feel like i could fly .
i'm sorry . i don't have a lot of time .
i'm sure you would do the same for me .
i'm the one who got us into this mess .
i'm the only one here who can do that .
i've never met a man as stupid as you .
if only i hadn't been in such a hurry !
if you need a pen , i can lend you one .
if you're busy , i can do that for you .
is that what you think i want to hear ?
it is just a year since i got married .
it looks like it's just the two of us .
it makes me sad to think of his death .
it took a long time for me to do that .
it took me a long time to get over it .
it was sweet of you to do this for us .
it will do you good to have a holiday .
it won't take me much time to do that .
it's a problem any way you look at it .
japan is not what it was 15 years ago .
just a few days ago , we were so happy .
let's eat in the park like we used to .
life is not always a walk in the park .
love of money is the root of all evil .
my brain says yes , but my gut says no .
my cousin is a little older than i am .
my mother has made me what i am today .
my wife is afraid to drive my new car .
one of the names on the list was mine .
she didn't say a word to me all night .
she has twice as many books as he has .
she may be cute , but i don't like her .
she put her cds in a row on the shelf .
she told me that she wanted a pet dog .
she told the child to eat up the food .
she was too proud to ask him for help .
should i tell tom to ask mary to sing ?
since there was no bus , i had to walk .
stay and have a cup of coffee with me .
the door is open . i'll go and shut it .
the food was not fit for man or beast .
the vase tom gave me is made of glass .
there are still a lot of things to do .
there is a lot of crime in big cities .
there is a woman who wants to see you .
there is no feeling in my toes at all .
there must be a better way to do this .
there was a big gold star on the door .
there was a lot of blood on the floor .
there's a song i want to sing for you .
this box is too heavy for me to carry .
this hat is a little too small for me .
to be honest , i don't like you at all .
tom and i like the same kind of music .
tom asked mary to buy a gift for john .
tom can sit next to me if he wants to .
tom had no choice but to quit his job .
tom has been told not to do that here .
tom is at the door . please ask him in .
tom is now the star of a reality show .
tom is the same age as i am , isn't he ?
tom is too young to apply for the job .
tom never said that , as far as i know .
tom said he had a great time with you .
tom says he has no idea where mary is .
tom told me he didn't know what to do .
tom took a selfie and sent it to mary .
tom's wife is almost as ugly as he is .
we didn't have to do that , but we did .
we didn't need to do that , but we did .
we do this kind of thing all the time .
we eat meat two or three times a week .
we had to make the best of a bad deal .
we lost sight of the man in the crowd .
we need a nut that will fit that bolt .
we need to get by with what we've got .
we played a lot of games at the party .
we saw a jet plane fly across the sky .
we spent a lot of time on our lessons .
we won't be able to get there on time .
we'll get a keg of beer for the party .
what i want to know is how to do this .
what a pity it is that you can't come !
what kind of person do you think i am ?
what more do we need to make us happy ?
when did you have time to do all this ?
when was the last time you had a bath ?
why couldn't i be the one to help you ?
why don't you want to go to the party ?
would you like to take a walk with me ?
would you mind if i swam in your pool ?
you can stay here as long as you like .
you can stay here as long as you want .
you could hear a pin drop in the room .
you do your part and i'll do the rest .
you don't have to do that now , do you ?
you don't need to do that now , do you ?
you don't want to tell me why , do you ?
you have no idea what this is , do you ?
you might want to take a look at this .
how did you go to the park ? by bus .
is it going to clear up ? i hope so .
a man is known by the company he keeps .
a moldy loaf of bread lay on the table .
all i need is enough money to buy food .
all they had to do was show up on time .
all we want to do is sit down and rest .
all you have to do is press the button .
all you have to do is push this button .
all you need to do is trust each other .
are you sure you don't want to do that ?
are you sure you don't want to do this ?
are you sure you don't want to keep it ?
as i told you before , i have no choice .
as far as i know , tom is still married .
as far as i know , he did nothing wrong .
as far as i know , he is a reliable man .
as far as i know , she is still missing .
as far as i know , the rumor isn't true .
butter is sold by the pound in the usa .
can i talk to you for a second , please ?
can you put up with the way he behaves ?
can you quote me a price for the house ?
can you show me where i am on this map ?
can you tell me where i am on this map ?
could i speak to you for a moment , tom ?
could you show me how to use a snorkel ?
did the old man get lost in the forest ?
didn't i ask you not to dance with tom ?
do you have a nail file i could borrow ?
do you have any idea what's in the box ?
do you have any idea who that might be ?
do you have any idea who would do this ?
do you know how much i give to charity ?
do you think i should ask tom for help ?
do you think tom looks like an old man ?
do you think he did the job on his own ?
do you think you could help me do that ?
don't you want to talk to tom about it ?
get out of here before i call the cops .
give him an inch and he'll take a mile .
have you ever seen a spider make a web ?
he always yells at me when he is angry .
he ate rice twice a day for many years .
he came at me with a knife in his hand .
he can bend an iron rod with his hands .
he can do anything he sets his mind to .
he does not know what it is to be poor .
he exchanged his old car for a new one .
he had his head in the clouds in class .
he has almost no money , but he gets by .
he has been sick in bed this past week .
he has the ability to make a good plan .
he hurried on to make up for lost time .
he is deaf , but knows how to read lips .
he is now almost as tall as his father .
he is worthy to be captain of our team .
he says he has a bone to pick with you .
he told his wife not to buy on impulse .
he was hit by a car and died instantly .
he was just in time for the last train .
he was taken care of by a young doctor .
he went to school only for a few years .
he went up to her and they shook hands .
he's got a rap sheet as long as my arm .
his death was a great loss to our firm .
how about going to see a movie with me ?
how come the guys i want never want me ?
how did you get that scar on your chin ?
how far away do you think that ship is ?
how far is it from here to your school ?
how long are we just going to sit here ?
how long do you plan to stay in boston ?
how long does it take to get to boston ?
i asked tom if i could play his guitar .
i asked her to call me at five o'clock .
i asked the boy to throw the ball back .
i bumped into an old friend on the bus .
i can do that in less than ten minutes .
i can show you the best way to do that .
i can't get that melody out of my head .
i can't help you if you don't trust me .
i can't see the road signs in this fog .
i can't tell you what an honor this is .
i can't tell you what you want to hear .
i couldn't do that even if i wanted to .
i couldn't eat fish when i was a child .
i didn't feel well , but i went to work .
i do not like the way he treats others .
i don't care how you do it . just do it .
i don't eat meat as often as i used to .
i don't get the meaning of all of this .
i don't get what the fuss is all about .
i don't have a car , but my sister does .
i don't have a choice . i have to do it .
i don't know what kind of person he is .
i don't know what to do or what to say .
i don't know where i put my cell phone .
i don't know where to go or what to do .
i don't know whether it is true or not .
i don't like tom and i don't trust him .
i don't see how you can eat that stuff .
i don't think i can help you very much .
i don't think i'd like you as a friend .
i don't think tom knows how to do that .
i don't think it'll be hard to do that .
i don't think it's wise to do that now .
i don't think we need to do that today .
i don't want to be alone my whole life .
i don't want to be seen in his company .
i don't want to be seen talking to you .
i don't want to be tied to one company .
i don't want to do that , but i have to .
i don't want to live my life like this .
i don't want to respect a man like him .
i don't want to take that kind of risk .
i don't want to talk to you about this .
i don't want you to quit because of me .
i expect him to come along any day now .
i feel bad that i haven't paid you yet .
i feel the same way about it as you do .
i forgot to do what tom asked me to do .
i gave the boy what little money i had .
i go to my father's place twice a year .
i go to school because i want to learn .
i got mugged on my way home last night .
i had enough sense to get out of there .
i had no idea we had so much in common .
i have a bottle of beer in my backpack .
i have a callus on the sole of my foot .
i have a first aid kit in the bathroom .
i have a message i want you to deliver .
i have no wish to live in a large city .
i have to charge the battery of my car .
i have to try doing that at least once .
i haven't been to a concert in a while .
i haven't had a square meal for a week .
i heard tom say he needed to find mary .
i hope this trip isn't a waste of time .
i hope we don't have to sell our house .
i hope you don't mind if i leave early .
i jumped for joy when i heard the news .
i just don't want to be reminded of it .
i just don't want to do that right now .
i just don't want to get your hopes up .
i just don't want you to catch my cold .
i just don't want your dog in my house .
i just want to be certain that it's ok .
i just want to get home safe and sound .
i just want you to know how sorry i am .
i knew tom couldn't swim as well as me .
i know i can count on every one of you .
i know a girl whose father is a lawyer .
i know you'll do what needs to be done .
i left you a message at the front desk .
i like grapes , but i can't eat so many .
i live in a small shack near the river .
i made a deposit of $1 , 000 at the bank .
i made a list of things i needed to do .
i make it a rule never to borrow money .
i met an old student of mine in london .
i met one of my friends on my way home .
i missed my bus , so i had to walk here .
i need time to think about all of this .
i need to know what you saw that night .
i never felt this way before i met you .
i never meant to put you in any danger .
i never want to see you get in trouble .
i ran into a friend of mine on the bus .
i read this book a couple of years ago .
i share a house with two of my friends .
i stayed home because i had a bad cold .
i suppose you won't mind if i take one .
i take my camera with me wherever i go .
i talked to the girl you told me about .
i think i'll be able to deal with that .
i think tom could learn a lot from you .
i think tom is still in love with mary .
i think it's not going to be that hard .
i think it's time for me to come clean .
i think it's time for me to step aside .
i think that tom will try to kill mary .
i think that it's too early to go home .
i think watching tv is a waste of time .
i think we have some mice in the attic .
i think you should do this on your own .
i thought tom had agreed to do the job .
i thought about what a jerk i had been .
i thought it was about time we all met .
i thought it was the right thing to do .
i took a taxi because the bus was late .
i want tom to have a job that he loves .
i want to ask him for his phone number .
i want to know how you feel about this .
i want to know what i can do right now .
i want to see what's on the other side .
i want to watch what's on tv right now .
i want you and tom to do that together .
i want you to have a job that you love .
i want you to have my land after i die .
i want you to help me with my homework .
i want you to know i'll work very hard .
i want you to tell tom that i love him .
i want you to tell me why you did that .
i was in boston last week with my wife .
i was in a better mood three hours ago .
i was living in boston a few years ago .
i went to the hospital to see my uncle .
i wonder if tom has one i could borrow .
i wonder what it feels like to be rich .
i wrote a letter to my parents at home .
i'd be glad to tell tom how to do that .
i'd be happy if you could come with us .
i'd just like to know what i did wrong .
i'd like a room with a view of the sea .
i'd like to be alone if you don't mind .
i'd like to help you get what you need .
i'll be able to finish in a day or two .
i'll be sure to tell tom you said that .
i'll get by if i have a place to sleep .
i'll have it up and running in no time .
i'll open the box and see what's in it .
i'll tell tom what a great job you did .
i'm afraid i won't be able to fix this .
i'm asking you to tell me how you feel .
i'm going to start a new job next week .
i'm not any more to blame than you are .
i'm not going to show you how to do it .
i'm not so sure i want to study french .
i'm not sure what to do . i need advice .
i'm not sure what we can do about that .
i'm not used to doing that in the dark .
i'm on my way to the meeting right now .
i'm really glad i was asked to do that .
i'm scared too , so i'm not going to go .
i'm sorry to call you so late at night .
i'm starting to have fun on my new job .
i'm sure tom was just too busy to help .
i'm sure it'll be easy to find a place .
i'm with exactly who i want to be with .
i've got a good reason not to like tom .
i've got to do what i believe is right .
if i die , i want you to keep this ring .
if i have to , i'll sell one of my cars .
if i were you , i'd stay away from that .
if only i had a pretty dress like that !
if only i'd known then what i know now .
if you need help , feel free to call me .
if you see tom , please tell him for me .
it is as if the whole sky were on fire .
it is no use arguing with him about it .
it is wise of you to ask me for advice .
it isn't easy to get rid of bad habits .
it took me only three hours to do that .
it was a warm day , so we went swimming .
it was lucky for you that you found it .
it would be best if you didn't do that .
it's a lot of fun skiing in fresh snow .
it's hard to find a good place to live .
it's not as big a problem as you think .
it's still too cold to go to the beach .
japan does a lot of trade with the usa .
japan is not what it was ten years ago .
most of them urged him to take the job .
my aunt treats me as if i were a child .
my brother and i are in the same class .
my brother is rich enough to buy a car .
my name doesn't seem to be on the list .
my pencil fell off the edge of my desk .
my sister is too young to go to school .
no one has time for that sort of thing .
no one really knows what a ufo is like .
please put a lot of cream in my coffee .
please tell me how you plan to do that .
please tell me what else i need to add .
shall i ask her to send the book to us ?
she acted in a play for the first time .
she beat him to death with a golf club .
she came into the room with her hat on .
she did her best never to think of him .
she got all dolled up for her big date .
she has never been asked out on a date .
she invited him in for a cup of coffee .
she lay on a sofa with her eyes closed .
she put on her new dress for the party .
she stood as close to him as she could .
she told me his name after he had left .
she went to the airport to see him off .
she went to the station to see him off .
tell me why you didn't do what i asked .
that's not the only thing i have to do .
that's what tom and i are trying to do .
the bathroom is at the end of the hall .
the boy had the dish empty in a moment .
the doctor told me not to eat too much .
the last time i saw tom was in october .
the poor boy was knocked down by a car .
there are a lot of things i have to do .
there is a bottle of wine on the table .
there is a very old temple in the town .
there might be a gas leak in our house .
there must be a way to cross the river .
there must be an easier way to do this .
there must be some way we can help tom .
there was no tv or radio in those days .
there was no sign of life in the house .
there were a lot of girls at the party .
there were a lot of people in the park .
there's a body in the trunk of the car .
they caught a lot of fish at the river .
they sat in the shade of that big tree .
this coffee is too hot for me to drink .
this is a picture of the ship i was on .
this shirt is too small for me to wear .
tom and mary both wanted a lot of kids .
tom and mary live in a small log cabin .
tom cut his finger on a piece of glass .
tom first met mary at a cafe in boston .
tom has read a lot of books about that .
tom is an idiot , but i love him anyway .
tom is at home taking care of the kids .
tom is fatter than when i last saw him .
tom may be old , but he's in good shape .
tom never said he wanted to go with us .
tom pointed to each word as he read it .
tom put a new ink cartridge in his pen .
tom reminds me of a boy i used to know .
tom said he didn't know how to do that .
tom said he'd like to see mary do that .
tom said that you wanted to go with us .
tom wants you to buy him a ticket , too .
tom wants you to go to boston with him .
tom was so hungry that he ate dog food .
try to see it from their point of view .
we all know dogs like to gnaw on bones .
we are entering a new phase in the war .
we can't be sure of the total cost yet .
we found a poor little cat in the yard .
we have a lot of rain in june and july .
we have a lot to learn from each other .
we have to find another way to do that .
we must buy a new carpet for this room .
we need to buy a new rug for this room .
we need to find a way out of this mess .
we think we've found a way to help you .
we used to sit on these steps and talk .
we'll have to build a pen for the pigs .
what tom wants to do isn't a good idea .
what do you do when you're not at work ?
what do you say you join me for dinner ?
what time did you go to bed last night ?
when i heard the news , i wanted to cry .
when was the last time you rode a bike ?
when was the last time you saw the cat ?
where can i go to get some good advice ?
who broke the news of her death to you ?
who can tell me how a light bulb works ?
who told you that tom and i are dating ?
why don't we take him a bottle of wine ?
why don't you give us a moment to talk ?
why don't you go to your room and play ?
why don't you take a look at this data ?
you don't know how bad i want to leave .
you don't seem to want to come with us .
you don't want to go to prison , do you ?
you don't want to point that gun at me .
you have to give up sports for a while .
you look as if you're about to be sick .
you'd better do what we told you to do .
you've got a nerve to say such a thing !
can you do it in a week ? i think so .
do you have kids ? yes , i have a son .
let me hug you . i'd like that a lot .
tom got a new job . what kind of job ?
a car is a must for life in the suburbs .
a frog in a well doesn't know the ocean .
a girl with blonde hair came to see you .
a little rest would do us a lot of good .
a rabbit has long ears and a short tail .
a smile is the best cure for a bad mood .
a trip by boat takes longer than by car .
all i can say is that i'd rather not go .
all i want is another chance to do that .
all you have to do is fill in this form .
all you have to do is follow his advice .
all you have to do is to make a comment .
all you have to do is to meet her there .
all you have to do is to obey my orders .
an honest man would not do such a thing .
are you saying i have no sense of humor ?
are you so stupid that you can't see it ?
as far as i know , i'm in perfect health .
as far as i know , he is a very kind man .
as far as i know , there is no such word .
as soon as i got home , it began to rain .
can i borrow your pen for a few minutes ?
can i see you in my office for a minute ?
can you tell me where you are right now ?
could i get a discount if i pay in cash ?
could i have a word with you in private ?
dad , i'm taking the car out for a drive .
did you get any sleep at all last night ?
did you have a favorite book as a child ?
did you stay home to study for the test ?
did you tell tom what he needed to know ?
didn't i give you 10 , 000 yen a week ago ?
didn't i tell you not to close the door ?
do you have a lot of things to do today ?
do you have any idea what that could be ?
do you really think this is a good idea ?
do you want me to show you how to do it ?
do you want to go grab a bite somewhere ?
do you want us to take you home with us ?
doing it that way will take a long time .
don't be so hard on her . she meant well .
don't bother to pick me up at the hotel .
don't you think it might be a bit heavy ?
each player on the team has his own bat .
even if i wanted to , i couldn't do that .
every time i go to his house , he is out .
give me a table for two near the window .
has he paid back the money you lent him ?
have you told any of this to the police ?
he and i are pretty much the same build .
he can't go without wine for even a day .
he comes to visit us every now and then .
he doesn't want me to go , but i mean to .
he drank the whisky as if it were water .
he entered the room in his coat and hat .
he gave up his attempt once and for all .
he glanced at her and saw she was angry .
he got a broken jaw and lost some teeth .
he got mad at me for calling him shorty .
he has decided not to go to the meeting .
he has hardly any money , but he gets by .
he has more books than he can ever read .
he is in touch with all kinds of people .
he is not as smart as his older brother .
he made a speech in support of the plan .
he owes much of his success to his wife .
he sat on the sofa with his arms folded .
he says his son can count up to 100 now .
he told me to meet him at his apartment .
he took the video to a local tv station .
he was covered in mud from head to foot .
he was kind enough to tell me the truth .
he went deaf as a result of an accident .
he would give an arm and a leg for that .
he wrote this book at the age of twenty .
he's very honest , so we can rely on him .
how did we let things get to this point ?
how did you get that bruise on your leg ?
how did you happen to see them doing it ?
how long do i have to wait for delivery ?
how long would it take us to walk there ?
how many fish can you keep in your tank ?
how many times a day do you drink water ?
how many times did you help tom do that ?
i always brush my coat when i come home .
i am bound to him by a close friendship .
i am proud to be a part of this project .
i asked tom if i could use his computer .
i asked tom to help me with my homework .
i asked my mother to wake me up at four .
i can do that for you if you want me to .
i can read german , but i can't speak it .
i can't believe you would do that to me .
i can't bring myself to do such a thing .
i can't make out what the man is saying .
i can't read french , nor can i speak it .
i can't remember how much i paid for it .
i can't tell you the answer to that yet .
i can't tell you what we did last night .
i can't tell you what we ended up doing .
i can't write french , but i can read it .
i care a good deal about what you think .
i couldn't get rid of my doubt about it .
i couldn't get that song out of my mind .
i cut my right hand on a piece of glass .
i cut the cloth with a pair of scissors .
i cut the paper with a pair of scissors .
i cut up all but one of my credit cards .
i dated a girl like that many years ago .
i did the job to the best of my ability .
i didn't know tom had agreed to do that .
i didn't know you wanted to work for me .
i didn't know you were such a good cook .
i didn't want tom to think i was stupid .
i didn't want anyone to know i was here .
i don't do that as often as i'd like to .
i don't even know if tom is still alive .
i don't have a bicycle , let alone a car .
i don't have as much money as you think .
i don't have the money to buy that book .
i don't know how much time we have left .
i don't know how we're going to do that .
i don't know if i can handle this alone .
i don't know if i'll have time to do it .
i don't know the exact place i was born .
i don't know what i'm going to tell tom .
i don't know what more i can do to help .
i don't know what to do with this stuff .
i don't know whether to be happy or not .
i don't know why they're so angry at us .
i don't know why you want me to do that .
i don't know why you want me to do this .
i don't let my children go out at night .
i don't like my wife calling me at work .
i don't smoke or drink . i just do pills .
i don't think i can do this without you .
i don't think that tom is a good lawyer .
i don't think that we can do that today .
i don't understand why i had to do that .
i don't want to be left holding the bag .
i don't want to talk about it right now .
i feed my dog meat at least once a week .
i found out whose car went off the road .
i got out my knife and peeled the apple .
i got out of bed and had a good stretch .
i got up early to catch the first train .
i guess i should get home to the missus .
i had a good reason for not being there .
i had a headache , so i couldn't do that .
i had enough money to buy what i wanted .
i had no choice but to do what he asked .
i hate people who do that kind of thing .
i have a sore throat and a slight fever .
i have a very sore arm where you hit me .
i have ten times more books than you do .
i have to admit i never thought of that .
i have to go and have an x-ray tomorrow .
i have to lose weight , so i'm on a diet .
i hope tom likes the gift we bought him .
i hope you had a good time at the party .
i intend to buy my wife a gold bracelet .
i just did what the boss asked me to do .
i just had a sandwich so i'm not hungry .
i just want to know how far we're going .
i just want to say i'm glad you're here .
i just want you to tell me why you lied .
i kept saying that i didn't want to die .
i know mary is more beautiful than i am .
i know the reason that she quit her job .
i know the reason , but i can't tell you .
i know what tom and mary are capable of .
i know what it's like to be the new guy .
i know you must have a lot of questions .
i left a note on your door this morning .
i lost the watch my father had given me .
i lost the watch that my father gave me .
i make a point of getting up before six .
i need a pencil . can i use one of yours ?
i need a pencil . may i use one of yours ?
i need to talk to you about your grades .
i never meant for any of this to happen .
i never said that it wasn't a good idea .
i never thought i'd be happy to see you .
i never thought i'd want to buy an ipad .
i only asked if i could borrow the book .
i only do that about three times a year .
i plan to stay at home all day tomorrow .
i promise you i won't stay out too late .
i read the book up to page 80 yesterday .
i really don't want to sit in that room .
i saw the picture you took of that fish .
i stayed at a small hotel near the lake .
i stop here to eat once or twice a week .
i think i could get used to living here .
i think i'm right , but i could be wrong .
i think it'd be great if you could come .
i think it's cruel to keep a cat inside .
i think it's time for me to buy a house .
i think it's time for me to change jobs .
i think it's time for me to contact her .
i think it's time for me to say goodbye .
i think it's time for me to wash my car .
i think it's time to try a new approach .
i think we can all agree on that , right ?
i think we have time for a drink or two .
i think we should all go to tom's house .
i think what you just told me was a lie .
i think you know that's not a good idea .
i think you ought to get a little sleep .
i think you're too sick to go to school .
i thought i told you to stay in the car .
i thought for a minute we had a problem .
i thought it over and decided not to go .
i thought maybe i could buy you a drink .
i thought we could eat out on the patio .
i thought you didn't want to talk to us .
i thought you used to live in a trailer .
i told tom that was just what we needed .
i told you not to call me tom , didn't i ?
i tried flying from the top of the tree .
i try not to use more paper than i need .
i used a computer in order to save time .
i usually go to the barber once a month .
i walk my dog in the park every morning .
i want a list of everyone in this class .
i want all my children to go to college .
i want an explanation and i want it now .
i want some answers and i want them now .
i want the whole world to know about us .
i want to be assigned to the vice squad .
i want to do what's best for both of us .
i want to find a way for us to be happy .
i want to hear anything you have to say .
i want to hear what everyone has to say .
i want to know what you did this summer .
i want to know what you do for a living .
i want to see you two in my office . now .
i want to talk to you about this report .
i want to thank you for all you've done .
i want you to come to my birthday party .
i want you to know i'll always love you .
i want you to tell me who gave you that .
i was caught in a shower on my way home .
i was caught in the rain on my way home .
i was here at 10 sharp , but you weren't .
i was very tired so i went to bed early .
i wasn't as nervous as i thought i'd be .
i wear my old coat in weather like this .
i went to bed a little later than usual .
i went to bed early because i was tired .
i went to the airport to meet my father .
i will return the book as soon as i can .
i wish i could go to the party with you .
i wish i had more time to talk with her .
i wish there were more hours in the day .
i wish we could hear what tom is saying .
i wish you'd told me that a bit earlier .
i wonder if tom misses me when i'm gone .
i wonder if a human will ever be cloned .
i wonder why eggs are sold by the dozen .
i would rather stay at home than go out .
i would've shown you how to do it right .
i wrote a book , but it wasn't very good .
i'll be back before the end of the week .
i'll be in the next room if you need me .
i'll do that later when i'm not so busy .
i'll give you an answer in a day or two .
i'll see what i can do , but no promises .
i'm afraid this job is too much for you .
i'm at work now , so i'll call you later .
i'm going to stop at the next rest stop .
i'm happy for the first time in my life .
i'm just not feeling up to it right now .
i'm not going to go to boston next week .
i'm not sure why it works , but it works .
i'm not the one you should be afraid of .
i'm not the one you should be scared of .
i'm not the only one who feels that way .
i'm not the only one who feels this way .
i'm not the only one who got here early .
i'm proud that my father is a good cook .
i'm so sorry . i didn't mean to kick you .
i'm sorry for all the pain i caused you .
i'm sure that's not what you want to do .
i'm very sorry that i came home so late .
if i had my way , you would all be fired .
if i won the lottery , i'd buy you a car .
if it's possible , i want to go home now .
if only we could go back and start over .
if you pump air into a tire , it expands .
if you tell tom what to do , he'll do it .
if you want a pencil , i'll lend you one .
if you want me to , i'll do that for you .
is it always wrong to take a human life ?
is it true that tom and mary are dating ?
is the school on this side of the river ?
is there a picture of tom in that album ?
is there anything that i can do for you ?
is this going to cost us a lot of money ?
it is easy for a monkey to climb a tree .
it is rude of him not to give me a call .
it is stupid of him to behave like that .
it isn't easy to get rid of a bad habit .
it isn't too late to do the right thing .
it looks like you did a pretty good job .
it takes an hour to get there , at least .
it took a long time to analyze the data .
it took a long time to put out the fire .
it took her a long time to choose a hat .
it took me three days to clean the room .
it was a fine day so i went on a picnic .
it was a lot harder than i had expected .
it was a ship with a crew of 25 sailors .
it was given to me by the queen herself .
it was silly of him to refuse her offer .
it's ok as long as it doesn't get windy .
it's been a long time since we last met .
it's hard to find a good job these days .
it's normal for you to feel a bit woozy .
it's time for me to get my eyes checked .
it's time for our children to go to bed .
it's up to you whether to buy it or not .
it's very hard to get rid of bad habits .
it's very nice of you to do that for me .
may i ask you to help me with something ?
my french teacher is the same age as me .
my bag is too old . i must buy a new one .
my book has to be somewhere in the room .
my cousin works in a shop near our home .
my dog is almost half the size of yours .
my father didn't allow me to have a dog .
my father used to read to me at bedtime .
my father was still at home when i left .
my heart beats fast each time i see her .
my income is twice as large as yours is .
my job will only last two years at most .
my mom doesn't want me to play with you .
my mother put a large vase on the shelf .
my mother tells me not to study so hard .
my only worry is that i have no worries .
my shoes are too small . i need new ones .
my son came to see me from time to time .
my teacher warned me not to do it again .
never tell the truth when a lie will do .
next time , ask me before you use my car .
now i realise why she was angry with me .
pardon me , is there an atm in this area ?
people always ask me why i do what i do .
please lend me this book for a few days .
please put a lump of sugar in my coffee .
put a sprig of mint on top as a garnish .
read the note at the bottom of the page .
santa claus comes to see us once a year .
she had my mother take care of the baby .
she is likely to live to be one hundred .
she managed to learn how to drive a car .
she raised her hand for the bus to stop .
she said she was nurse , which was a lie .
she shook the rug to get dust out of it .
she told him that it would rain all day .
she was too short to see over the fence .
she went mad after the death of her son .
she will do her best to be here on time .
show me what you have in your left hand .
since i was sick , i didn't go to school .
so , what do you guys want to do tonight ?
somebody came to see me while i was out .
tell tom i'll be there as soon as i can .
tell tom that i'm too tired to help him .
that car is too expensive for me to buy .
that diamond ring cost an arm and a leg .
that man died of lung cancer a week ago .
the car i rented from you has a problem .
the cat went through a gap in the fence .
the chances are that he is still in bed .
the doctor said you need to stay in bed .
the ice is too thin to bear your weight .
the last thing i want to do is hurt you .
the man who is waving to me is my uncle .
the old man has lived here all his life .
the pilot hinted that it might be a ufo .
the question is can tom keep up with us .
the teacher and i sat down face to face .
the truck made a sharp turn to the left .
there are a lot of big cities in brazil .
there are a lot of books in the library .
there are a lot of bridges in this city .
there are a lot of hot springs in japan .
there are a lot of things i need to buy .
there are a lot of weeds in your garden .
there are so many things i'd like to do .
there are two or three pens on the desk .
there is a bank in front of the station .
there is a bit of whisky in this bottle .
there is a desk in a corner of the room .
there is a lot of furniture in his room .
there is a museum just north of the zoo .
there is a pair of scissors on the desk .
there were a lot of people at the party .
they had had to use what money they had .
they have no reason not to let you stay .
they heard a gun go off in the distance .
this book is pretty easy for me to read .
this is the best ship i've ever been on .
this is where i was born and brought up .
this knife is so dull that it can't cut .
this sort of music is not my cup of tea .
this stone was too heavy for me to lift .
to tell you the truth , i don't like tom .
tom and i are going to boston next week .
tom and mary don't want to talk to john .
tom and mary had a baby three weeks ago .
tom and mary like the same kind of food .
tom asked me to do his homework for him .
tom called his wife to say he'd be late .
tom came to boston hoping to find a job .
tom couldn't do what i wanted him to do .
tom didn't get paid for the work he did .
tom didn't want me to sell my old truck .
tom doesn't want to go to bed right now .
tom has a picture he wants to show mary .
tom has asked me to lend him some money .
tom hasn't eaten at home in a long time .
tom is a good friend of yours , isn't he ?
tom is in pretty good shape for his age .
tom is one of the richest men in boston .
tom is the only one here who can't swim .
tom lost his only son in a car accident .
tom never used to eat so much junk food .
tom poured milk into a bowl for his cat .
tom put the card face down on the table .
tom said good night to me and then left .
tom spends most of his time on the road .
tom spends three hours a day at the gym .
tom told us about what he did in boston .
tom tried to get mary to tell the truth .
tom tried to persuade me to go with him .
tom was in a bad mood all day yesterday .
tom was startled by a knock on the door .
tom was the only one who was nice to me .
tom washes his car at least once a week .
tom wiped off the table with a damp rag .
was it a lie when you said you loved me ?
we are not short of oil in this country .
we can't do what tom has asked us to do .
we decided to lie hidden for a few days .
we don't have time to do that right now .
we have a dog , a cat and three canaries .
we have a lot of great guys on our team .
we have no plan at this time to do that .
we met in a coffee shop near the campus .
we wasted a lot of time looking for tom .
we weren't as busy as i thought we'd be .
we won't be able to arrive home in time .
we'd be happy if you could come with us .
well , if you didn't do it , then who did ?
what are you going to do ? tell your mom ?
what do you have to add to 17 to get 60 ?
what do you plan to major in in college ?
what do you say we buy everyone a drink ?
what time do you want me to pick you up ?
when the dog saw me , it wagged its tail .
when was the last time you fried an egg ?
when you see tom , tell him i said hello .
where in the world did you get the idea ?
who is to say that what we did is wrong ?
yesterday was very cold so i wore a hat .
you are free to leave any time you wish .
you aren't going to tell on me , are you ?
you can stay here all night if you want .
you could do it if you really wanted to .
you did what the rest of us couldn't do .
you don't have to go unless you want to .
you don't mind if i leave early , do you ?
you don't need to go unless you want to .
you had a beard the last time i saw you .
you have no right to tell me what to do .
you have only to give him a little help .
you look a little young to be a teacher .
you look like you don't want to be here .
you must do that by the end of the week .
you seem to want to take all the credit .
you should eat to live , not live to eat .
you should have told me a long time ago .
you're not as good as you think you are .
your memory is as good as mine , i think .
why are you wet ? i fell in the water .
why did you do that ? i had no choice .
a baby has no knowledge of good and evil .
a castle stands a little way up the hill .
a flea can jump 200 times its own height .
a green banana is not ripe enough to eat .
a jack of all trades is a master of none .
a long time ago , there was a bridge here .
a lot of people feel the same way you do .
a man is more or less what he looks like .
a museum is a great place to find a date .
a police officer told me to stop the car .
a true friend would not say such a thing .
add a few words before i seal the letter .
add a little more milk to my tea , please .
all i want for christmas is a new tattoo .
all i want is someone special in my life .
an old castle stands on top of the cliff .
and he let the two men sleep at his home .
are you really as old as you say you are ?
are you saying that i don't have a brain ?
are you the one that asked me to be here ?
as a result of the war , many people died .
as it is , prices are going up every week .
as soon as i left home , it began to rain .
ask tom if mary can take care of herself .
be careful not to step in the mud puddle .
be careful not to step on the dog's tail .
being ill , i stayed at home all day long .
can anyone tell me what i should do next ?
can you loan me thirty dollars for a cab ?
can you look after my dog while i'm away ?
can you name all the trees in the garden ?
can you please help me for just a minute ?
can you prove that what you said is true ?
can you tell me what you're trying to do ?
can you tell me why tom hasn't done that ?
could i please have one more can of beer ?
dad ! mom ! i have some great news for you !
didn't i tell you not to do that anymore ?
do the police have any idea who stole it ?
do whatever it takes to get the job done .
do you go by bus , by train , or by subway ?
do you have anything to eat in your pack ?
do you know any of the boys in this room ?
do you mind if i leave for a few minutes ?
do you still want me to teach you french ?
do you think i care what you think of me ?
do you think she has a chance of winning ?
does tom still plan to do that with mary ?
don't count on him to lend you any money .
don't put me in the same class with them .
even if i wanted to , i couldn't help you .
every time i go to see him , he is in bed .
excuse me , may i have another cup of tea ?
getting up at six o'clock is okay for me .
give me a chance to make you proud of me .
give me your word that you won't do that .
give up smoking if you want to live long .
goat milk is easy for the body to digest .
hang your jacket on the hook by the door .
have you heard from the rest of the team ?
he did his best and still had poor marks .
he doesn't want you to lose a whole week .
he fell down on the ice and hurt his leg .
he got the sack for slacking off at work .
he had a problem with the front door key .
he has made the company what it is today .
he is as clever as any of his classmates .
he is by far the best player on the team .
he is glad about his son's love of books .
he is not as lazy a student as you think .
he is said to have made a fortune in oil .
he kept us waiting for more than an hour .
he likes to go to the beach now and then .
he lost both his parents at an early age .
he lost sight of his friend in the crowd .
he made a little statue out of soft clay .
he made a speech in front of many people .
he made for the door and tried to escape .
he made up a pretext for a fight with me .
he often sits by me and listens to music .
he plays golf two or three times a month .
he rushed into the room with his coat on .
he sat on a chair with his legs dangling .
he saved her at the cost of his own life .
he sent his son out to get the newspaper .
he stood by me whenever i was in trouble .
he thought it over and decided not to go .
he told me that i should be more careful .
he took off his coat and put it on again .
he was robbed of his money on the street .
he was the last person i expected to see .
he was the most famous writer of his day .
he went to the store to buy some oranges .
he will do his best to finish it on time .
he works all night and he sleeps all day .
her kindness gave me a lump in my throat .
his car isn't here , so he must have gone .
hold still a moment while i fix your tie .
how are you ? i haven't seen you for ages !
how can i get to the nearest post office ?
how can i upload a photo to your website ?
how did you come up with this crazy idea ?
how long does it take to go there by bus ?
how long does it take to put on a turban ?
how long will it take to finish the work ?
how many times a week do you take a bath ?
how much did tom have to pay for parking ?
how often do you have to see the dentist ?
how old were you when you first did that ?
how would you feel if your wife left you ?
i admit i did what tom told me not to do .
i agree with what you say to some extent .
i almost forgot to tell you how to do it .
i almost forgot to tell you the big news .
i already know what tom wants to tell me .
i always rely on him in times of trouble .
i always take a bath before going to bed .
i am going to my room , where i can study .
i am not pleased with what you have done .
i asked her if she could go to the party .
i asked my teacher what i should do next .
i bought some bread and a carton of milk .
i came early in order to get a good seat .
i came here to tell you what i found out .
i can read english , but i can't speak it .
i can see no reason why i should do that .
i can't afford a camera as good as yours .
i can't believe i'm going to lose my job .
i can't believe what we were about to do .
i can't decide whether to do that or not .
i can't decide who to invite to my party .
i can't do it alone . you have to help me .
i can't live on ten thousand yen a month .
i can't play tennis as well as i used to .
i could run much faster when i was young .
i couldn't be happier for the two of you .
i couldn't get hold of him at his office .
i couldn't go to school for a whole week .
i couldn't go to work because i was sick .
i couldn't tell if you were angry or not .
i cut the thick branches with a hand saw .
i didn't get paid for all the work i did .
i didn't go out because it was very cold .
i didn't go to school because i was sick .
i didn't know tom was such a good dancer .
i didn't know tom would let mary do that .
i didn't know that you needed to do that .
i didn't know what it meant at that time .
i didn't know where to go , or what to do .
i didn't take the time to do it properly .
i didn't think we would be so busy today .
i didn't want things to end up like this .
i didn't want you to feel you were alone .
i do hope tom does what he says he'll do .
i do hope you enjoy the rest of your day .
i don't care what you do with your money .
i don't feel very well . i should go home .
i don't get home as often as i'd like to .
i don't go jogging as often as i used to .
i don't have as much free time as you do .
i don't have enough money , so i can't go .
i don't have time to make you a sandwich .
i don't know how tom got my phone number .
i don't know how long it's going to take .
i don't know if i'll be able to help you .
i don't know if i've got time to do that .
i don't know what i've been so afraid of .
i don't know whether he is dead or alive .
i don't know who i should ask to help me .
i don't know who to give this package to .
i don't know why tom is looking for mary .
i don't know why they do it , but they do .
i don't like it when you bring work home .
i don't like to eat fish with many bones .
i don't need you to tell me how to do it .
i don't play chess as often as i used to .
i don't play tennis as much as i used to .
i don't think i could ever do this again .
i don't think i have much longer to live .
i don't think i should do that by myself .
i don't think i've ever seen you so busy .
i don't think tom is old enough to drive .
i don't think it's going to be that easy .
i don't think we're ready to do that yet .
i don't understand why i have to do that .
i don't want to jump into the cold water .
i don't want to resign my job at present .
i don't want to spend all day doing that .
i don't want you to tell this to anybody .
i drank a glass of red wine after dinner .
i eat chicken more often than i eat beef .
i feel like this isn't going to end well .
i finally found a pair of shoes that fit .
i found a pair of gloves under the chair .
i get more than two hundred emails a day .
i go to the library at least once a week .
i guess i could wait a little bit longer .
i guess you never learned how to do this .
i had a hard time putting the kid to bed .
i had a sharp pain in my chest yesterday .
i had a snack before i went back to work .
i had no idea of what she intended to do .
i had to swerve to avoid hitting the dog .
i hate it when people tell me what to do .
i hate it when there are a lot of people .
i have a few things i want to make clear .
i have a splinter in the palm of my hand .
i have been his greatest fan all my life .
i have made up my mind to propose to her .
i have no idea what that guy is thinking .
i have no idea what we're supposed to do .
i have no time to explain this in detail .
i have no time to help you with the work .
i have so many things i want you to know .
i have to buy a new carpet for this room .
i have to do something while i still can .
i have to go to the dentist after school .
i haven't felt this happy in a long time .
i haven't yet done what needs to be done .
i hear that you are a good tennis player .
i heard that he left town and moved east .
i hope you like what i've just given you .
i just don't want anyone to be mad at me .
i just don't want to say the wrong thing .
i just had a meeting with the new client .
i just had to see you guys before i left .
i just remembered what i had to tell you .
i just think we need to be extra careful .
i just want to be left alone for a while .
i just want to crawl into a hole and die .
i just want to make it home in one piece .
i just want to make sure it's not poison .
i knew i wanted you the moment i saw you .
i knew tom knew when i wanted to do that .
i knew tom knew who was going to do that .
i know that wasn't the right thing to do .
i know you make fun of me behind my back .
i know you'd prefer a bottle of red wine .
i meet him at the club from time to time .
i missed the train by only a few minutes .
i must admit that i've never heard of it .
i must find a way to earn a lot of money .
i need you to help me move this bookcase .
i only eat meat about three times a week .
i only hope we can get this done on time .
i ran across an old friend near the bank .
i ran away from home when i was thirteen .
i really didn't want to go to work today .
i saw a dirty dog coming into the garden .
i should've known it was a waste of time .
i sleep during the day and work at night .
i spend a lot of time listening to music .
i spent a lot of my time studying french .
i stepped aside so that he could come in .
i stopped and waited for the car to pass .
i suggest that you try to get some sleep .
i take a walk with my dog in the evening .
i think i will take a vacation this week .
i think i'll start with a bottle of beer .
i think it's sad to not have any friends .
i think it's time for me to mow the lawn .
i think it's time for me to take a break .
i think that tom doesn't know what to do .
i think that he's probably not a bad boy .
i think that what you need now is a kiss .
i think you should add a bit more pepper .
i think you should tell tom you love him .
i thought i told you not to make trouble .
i thought it was a good idea at the time .
i thought you went to your room to sleep .
i throw myself on the mercy of the court .
i told her what he was doing in her room .
i told him to work hard or he would fail .
i told them what i thought of their plan .
i told you i didn't want to go to boston .
i told you to stay away from my daughter .
i tried to get up , but i fell down again .
i tried to open the door , but i couldn't .
i try to read at least a few pages a day .
i used to play tennis with him on sunday .
i want tom to go get me something to eat .
i want a cup of coffee and i want it now .
i want my whole family to be proud of me .
i want to ask them when their big day is .
i want to be with you more than anything .
i want to have a proper house and garden .
i want to know who threw the first punch .
i want to spend more time alone with you .
i want to spend more time with my family .
i want to thank you for what you've done .
i want to wait and see what tom proposes .
i want you all to know i'll never change .
i want you to stay here until i get back .
i want your answer by the end of the day .
i was about to ask you the same question .
i was attacked and robbed on my way home .
i was kind of surprised to see tom there .
i was moved by her love for other people .
i was right on the spot when it happened .
i was tired today so i went to bed early .
i was unable to go to his birthday party .
i was very tired , so i went to bed early .
i wasn't able to move the desk by myself .
i will ask him where he went last sunday .
i will badly miss you if you leave japan .
i will meet you at the station at 10 a . m .
i will take care of you when you are old .
i wish i could live in a house like this .
i wish i had a roommate to hang out with .
i wish i had studied harder for the test .
i wish tom would spend more time at home .
i won't be ready to do that until monday .
i wonder how many people are in the park .
i wonder if tom will tell mary the truth .
i wonder if anybody knows how to do this .
i wonder what all of them have in common .
i wore a coat so i wouldn't catch a cold .
i worked as a piano tuner for many years .
i would rather feed my dog before we eat .
i'd be lying if i said i didn't like tom .
i'd buy a larger tv if i had room for it .
i'd like to come along if you don't mind .
i'd like to show tom what i bought today .
i'll do my best not to cause any trouble .
i'll just go for a walk to clear my head .
i'll never forgive you as long as i live .
i'll tell you only what you need to know .
i'm afraid there is very little i can do .
i'm glad the two of you are in agreement .
i'm going to take two days off next week .
i'm not as old as most people think i am .
i'm not going to let my children do that .
i'm not going to tell you how to do that .
i'm not in a position to give you advice .
i'm not sure how we can make that happen .
i'm not the one who needs to lose weight .
i'm not the one who should be doing this .
i'm not the type that gives up so easily .
i'm not used to being spoken to that way .
i'm not used to staying up late at night .
i'm sorry i didn't make it to your party .
i'm sorry i have no pencil to write with .
i'm sorry , i don't know what else to say .
i'm sorry , but i can't put it into words .
i'm sorry . i didn't mean to make you cry .
i'm staying at a hotel not far from here .
i'm sure that this is a fresh water fish .
i'm very tired , but i can't get to sleep .
i've met a lot of people who can do that .
i've never seen so many trees in my life .
i've seen my dog sneeze but never my cat .
if tom needs help , we can give it to him .
if it bothers you , i can stop doing this .
if you don't like it here , you may leave .
if you ever come to town , come to see me .
if you see or hear anything , let me know .
if you wouldn't mind , i could use a hand .
is it more fun being a child or an adult ?
is it possible to get on the next flight ?
is it true that you were on tv yesterday ?
is that really a road we want to go down ?
is there anything else we can do for you ?
it doesn't take long to get to his house .
it happened that we were on the same bus .
it is dangerous to fly in this heavy fog .
it is easy for me to answer the question .
it is finally all over . now we can relax .
it is no use your trying to persuade him .
it is said that there is no life on mars .
it is true he is rich , but he is a miser .
it is wise to save money for a rainy day .
it says on the label to take two tablets .
it took tom 10 years to finish his house .
it was foolish of him to do such a thing .
it was near the river that i lost my way .
it was not easy for us to find his house .
it was obvious tom didn't want to buy it .
it was the most painful thing in my life .
it'll be easy to find someone to do that .
it'll be hard to convince tom to do that .
it'll be hard to convince tom to help us .
it's stuffy in here . may i open a window ?
it's time for me to strike out on my own .
it's too bad she can't come to the party .
let me know if there's anything i can do .
let the tea steep for at least 5 minutes .
let's all pitch in and get the work done .
look around you and tell me what you see .
man is the only animal that can use fire .
marriage is the union of a man and woman .
mary said she wished i was more like tom .
mary told me that she was glad to see me .
my advice is to leave as soon as you can .
my brother is old enough to go to school .
my dream is to travel in a space shuttle .
my father gave me a watch , but i lost it .
my father used to say that time is money .
my friend said he had bought a new watch .
my room is three times as large as yours .
my sister is three years older than i am .
my uncle comes to see me once in a while .
my wife is three years younger than i am .
no child wants to be treated like a baby .
no one can deny the fact that fire burns .
not every book on the desk belongs to me .
not knowing what to do , i asked for help .
now that school is over , you can go home .
now , i can cross that off my bucket list .
of all these cakes , i like this one best .
on my way to the library i met my friend .
our car ran out of gas after ten minutes .
our car ran out of gas after two minutes .
our eyes take time to adjust to the dark .
our success was due in part to good luck .
our team is the worst team in the league .
people over the age of 18 can drive cars .
run fast , or you will be late for school .
she advised him not to use too much salt .
she always turns a deaf ear to my advice .
she asked him how to turn on the machine .
she called him to say that she'd be late .
she did it for the good of the community .
she fell in love with him at first sight .
she has a cold and is absent from school .
she sat next to him with her eyes closed .
she told him a joke , but he didn't laugh .
she took a job in a store for the summer .
she used a damp rag to wipe off the dust .
she was the last woman i expected to see .
should i go or would you like me to stay ?
since there were no taxis , i had to walk .
small fish swim just as well as big ones .
so far , i'm the only one who's done that .
take some money just in case you need it .
that he is a genius is clear to everyone .
that is the sort of job i am cut out for .
the boss has a good opinion of your work .
the boy did nothing but cry all day long .
the boy tried to saw off the dead branch .
the cake got crushed by the jar of juice .
the coffee is too bitter for me to drink .
the cost of living in tokyo is very high .
the cup broke when it fell off the table .
the doctor instructed me to go on a diet .
the fact is that i have no money with me .
the family had a hard time after the war .
the food was so good that i ate too much .
the girl who works at the bakery is cute .
the guy who hit you is at the front door .
the only fish tom likes to eat is salmon .
the people i work with are all very kind .
the price of gold varies from day to day .
the shop is just in front of the station .
the top of mt . fuji is covered with snow .
the truck made a sharp turn to the right .
there are many good reasons not to do it .
there is a big tree in front of my house .
there is a crowd of people on the street .
there is no reason why i shouldn't do it .
there is sand at the bottom of the ocean .
there was a small box inside the big box .
there was no taxi , so i had to walk home .
there's gum stuck to the sole of my shoe .
they are now either in kyoto or in osaka .
they were in that room with me all night .
this car was cheap enough for him to buy .
this color is a bit darker than that one .
this is a good book for children to read .
this is the watch that i lost a week ago .
this would be a good place to raise kids .
throw a stick and watch the dog fetch it .
to tell the truth , i think you are wrong .
tom and mary are going to need your help .
tom and mary are in it for the long haul .
tom and mary got married a few years ago .
tom could learn a thing or two from mary .
tom didn't have a good time at the party .
tom didn't tell mary what he wants to do .
tom didn't want to leave his dog with me .
tom got mad at mary because she was late .
tom got to his feet and went to the door .
tom has a small farm not far from boston .
tom is just a little bit shorter than me .
tom is much younger than you think he is .
tom is one of the few people i can trust .
tom lit the candle that was on the table .
tom made a list of songs he doesn't like .
tom never used to smoke , but he does now .
tom promised me he would be here by 2:30 .
tom ran to the door and tried to open it .
tom said boston is a nice place to visit .
tom said he saw mary get into john's car .
tom said he wanted to dye his hair black .
tom said that he'd be a few minutes late .
tom stores most of his data in the cloud .
tom tied the canoe to the top of his car .
tom told me he was determined to do that .
tom told me where you hid the gold coins .
tom took mary in his arms and kissed her .
tom wanted me to meet him at the station .
tom was mugged on his way home from work .
tom was too short to reach the top shelf .
tom went to japan on a work holiday visa .
tom will wait as long as you tell him to .
we are on the cusp of a big breakthrough .
we did nothing wrong . it was only a kiss .
we didn't mean for it to happen that way .
we got a lot of criticism for doing that .
we had to push our way through the crowd .
we have a new coach and some new players .
we have families we have to take care of .
we have your size , but not in that color .
we haven't been to boston in a long time .
we know it was you that broke the window .
we must make up for the loss in some way .
we must pay a toll to drive on this road .
we must sleep at least seven hours a day .
we need more people like you on our team .
we need to find somebody who can help us .
we owe more on our house than it's worth .
we pay the kid next door to mow our lawn .
we should take a break and have some tea .
we want you to be more careful next time .
we were shocked at the news of his death .
we were stuck for hours in a traffic jam .
we'll see what tom has to say about that .
we're going to be late if we don't hurry .
we're ready to put the boat in the water .
what are you going to do with this money ?
what do you like the most about your job ?
what do you plan on doing with the money ?
what does any of that have to do with me ?
what is that big building in front of us ?
what makes you think i'd want to do that ?
what would you do if you met a lion here ?
when i opened the door , i broke the lock .
when i woke up this morning , i felt sick .
when my dad finds out , he won't be happy .
when was the last time you talked to tom ?
where did you put the book i was reading ?
where do you usually go to get a haircut ?
which is your book , this one or that one ?
who cared for the dog when you were away ?
whose idea was it to pitch the tent here ?
why didn't you tell me that tom was here ?
why don't we go to the park or something ?
why should i tell the truth if you won't ?
yesterday , tom was in a bad mood all day .
you can do it if you put your mind to it .
you can sell them if you don't want them .
you can't fool me with a trick like that .
you can't sleep more than 24 hours a day .
you could count to ten when you were two .
you don't know how bad i want to see you .
you don't know how much this means to me .
you don't need to tell me your real name .
you gave me this picture a long time ago .
you had better ask him which way to take .
you have a lot of money , and i have none .
you have little to gain and much to lose .
you have to report to the police at once .
you mean to say that you know the answer ?
you must be careful when you drive a car .
you must do it even if you don't want to .
you said you were going to buy a new car .
you should be able to walk in a few days .
you won't drown if you learn how to swim .
you'll have to stand on your toes to see .
you'll never be able to keep it a secret .
a happy new year ! i wish you the same !
do you know tom ? i don't believe i do .
do you think he will come ? i hope not .
how much gas do you want ? fill 'er up .
when do you get up ? i get up at eight .
would you like to go with me ? you bet !
a dolphin is no more a fish than a dog is .
a driver's job is not as easy as it looks .
a few years ago , there was a huge scandal .
a fire can spread faster than you can run .
a friend is hard to find and easy to lose .
a lot of people think that bats are birds .
a tanker is a ship that carries crude oil .
a well is a place where you can get water .
all i want to do is finish what i started .
all i wanted to do was to go home and cry .
all of my classmates are taller than i am .
are you just going to stand there all day ?
are you sure there's no meat in this soup ?
are you sure you don't want to go with us ?
as far as i know , he is a reliable person .
as far as i know , she has not yet married .
as far as i know , she hasn't departed yet .
as soon as she saw me , she started to cry .
can you tell me how to get to the station ?
close your eyes and tell me what you hear .
come soon or there won't be any food left .
could you please tell me why you love her ?
could you tell me where i can get a train ?
did any of you gentlemen wait on this man ?
did it really take three hours to do that ?
did you climb trees when you were a child ?
did you give a copy of the disk to anyone ?
did you take the book back to the library ?
did you tell tom he could borrow your car ?
do we have time for another cup of coffee ?
do you go to school on foot or by bicycle ?
do you have any idea what my life is like ?
do you know what really hurts me the most ?
do you mean to tell me you can't find one ?
do you really think tom is better than me ?
do you remember the day when we first met ?
do you spend more time at home or at work ?
do you think i don't know what's going on ?
do you think that he is equal to the task ?
do you think your money is safe in a bank ?
do you want me to come cook you something ?
don't do too many things at the same time .
don't forget to put a stamp on the letter .
don't give up yet . i'm sure you can do it .
don't tell me you don't know how to drive .
don't you think this hat looks good on me ?
each member has to pay 10 , 000 yen a month .
each of us has to be careful when driving .
each passing car threw up a cloud of dust .
excuse me , what is the name of this place ?
feel free to call me if you need anything .
grab a rag and help me clean up this mess .
has tom ever told you how he lost his leg ?
have you been told why we didn't hire you ?
have you read the book tom bought for you ?
he begged his father to buy him a bicycle .
he came to japan when he was a boy of ten .
he can stay here for one night , no longer .
he could not rest until he knew the truth .
he couldn't move and had to call for help .
he darted into the hall and up the stairs .
he does not need a wife to look after him .
he does nothing but watch tv all day long .
he ended his life by jumping off a bridge .
he fed his dog at the same time every day .
he gave his daughter quite a lot of money .
he gave me not only advice but also money .
he gets up as early as five every morning .
he gives me a bad time , as he always does .
he has spent ten years in jail for murder .
he is rich , but his older brother is poor .
he is writing a letter to his parents now .
he must be stupid to believe such a thing .
he must be very angry to say such a thing .
he never fails to write home once a month .
he said that he had met her a week before .
he thinks that his success is due to luck .
he tried to hide what was really going on .
he used to get up early when he was young .
he was ill , so he lay in bed all day long .
he was not able to join in the discussion .
he was the first man to cross the pacific .
he was the only one who came to the party .
he went to the bank and changed his money .
he's just not the person i thought he was .
he's very honest , so we can depend on him .
her father left her the house in his will .
his car is small and takes up little room .
his death was a great loss to our country .
his father left him the house in his will .
his name is known to everyone in our town .
how am i going to protect my children now ?
how did you learn to speak french so well ?
how do you get the most bang for the buck ?
how long does it take to get to the beach ?
how long will it take us to get to boston ?
how many books can i take out at one time ?
how many concerts did you go to last year ?
how many times a day do you feed your dog ?
how many times a day should i feed my dog ?
how many years did it take you to do that ?
how much do you charge to fix a flat tire ?
how old were you when you learned to swim ?
how old were you when you moved to boston ?
i agree with you that we should try again .
i asked tom why he wanted to go to boston .
i asked tom why he wanted to study french .
i bought every book on japan i could find .
i broke my leg and am walking on crutches .
i can see a strange blue bird on the roof .
i can work late tonight if you need me to .
i can't afford to buy the computer i want .
i can't ask you to take that sort of risk .
i can't be in two places at the same time .
i can't believe i used to watch this show .
i can't figure out how to upload an image .
i can't finish the job in so short a time .
i can't go back there and neither can you .
i can't go with you because i'm very busy .
i can't see the stage well from this seat .
i can't understand what he wants me to do .
i can't wait to go to boston to visit tom .
i can't wait to sleep in my own bed again .
i caught up on all my homework last night .
i could get you a blanket if you need one .
i could not persuade him that it was true .
i couldn't care less what you think of me .
i couldn't make out what he wanted to say .
i didn't expect so many people to be here .
i didn't know that tom hated mary so much .
i didn't know we were supposed to do that .
i didn't notice her going out of the room .
i didn't think you'd want to see me again .
i don't eat at home as often as i used to .
i don't feel up to running to the station .
i don't go shopping as often as i used to .
i don't have time to do what i want to do .
i don't have to apologize for what i said .
i don't have to worry about finding a job .
i don't know how he can live in this mess .
i don't know if tom still lives in boston .
i don't know if she will go there with me .
i don't know the reason why he went there .
i don't know when he got back from france .
i don't know who else to turn to for help .
i don't know why tom didn't want us there .
i don't know why they're so angry with us .
i don't like that lawyer you hired for me .
i don't make as much money as i'd like to .
i don't really know why he wrote the book .
i don't remember tom asking us to do that .
i don't remember you asking me to do that .
i don't see what that has to do with this .
i don't think i can make it to your party .
i don't think i'll have the funds by then .
i don't think tom has anything in his bag .
i don't think that i really matter to you .
i don't think the post office is open yet .
i don't understand a word of what he says .
i don't want to be a burden to my parents .
i don't want to be here when tom wakes up .
i don't want to buy it if i don't need it .
i don't want to go and tom doesn't either .
i don't want to say that to my girlfriend .
i don't want to talk about that right now .
i don't want to waste time talking to tom .
i feel like i'm going to be lucky tonight .
i feel sleepy when i listen to soft music .
i got a message that you wanted to see me .
i got up early this morning to go fishing .
i guess our job is not to let that happen .
i guess we should go get something to eat .
i had a glass of beer to quench my thirst .
i had back surgery a couple of months ago .
i had never seen that kind of fish before .
i had not waited long before the bus came .
i had to borrow money to purchase the car .
i had to walk because there were no taxis .
i have a rough idea what needs to be done .
i have no idea how long i was unconscious .
i have no recollection of how i got there .
i have not had a chance to see that movie .
i have only half as many books as he does .
i have to talk to tom about what happened .
i heard a noise coming from the next room .
i helped her hang the picture on the wall .
i hope tom didn't tell anybody i was here .
i just don't want to discuss it right now .
i just got out of prison three months ago .
i just want life to be like it was before .
i just want to go over this one more time .
i just want to know what i'm getting into .
i just want you to know i really love you .
i know i could've done that , but i didn't .
i know a girl who speaks french very well .
i know a lot of people who don't own cars .
i know this is hard for you to understand .
i know you don't know how to speak french .
i know you're just doing that to annoy me .
i learned how to use a hammer from my dad .
i like summer , but i can't stand the heat .
i love her so much that i can't leave her .
i miss the hustle and bustle of city life .
i must go to the station at three o'clock .
i must work hard to make up for lost time .
i need some paper , pencils , ink and so on .
i need to find something to cut this with .
i need to know who i have to give this to .
i need to make sure your leg isn't broken .
i never thought i'd find a woman like you .
i picked up a pretty shell at the seaside .
i pressed the button to turn the radio on .
i promise i'll take good care of your dog .
i ran into an old friend at tokyo station .
i really do hope you can come to my party .
i saw your cousin tom just a few days ago .
i shouldn't eat food that has sugar in it .
i showed tom the postcard i got from mary .
i slept late and i missed the first train .
i spent the whole day in cleaning my room .
i still think about her from time to time .
i stood under a tree to avoid getting wet .
i stopped off at osaka on my way to tokyo .
i suggest that your son come to our party .
i think tom will be delighted to see mary .
i think it'd be better if you didn't sing .
i think it's a bad idea to loan tom money .
i think it's necessary for you to see him .
i think it's time for me to buy a new car .
i think it's time for me to call a doctor .
i think it's time for me to call it a day .
i think it's time for me to call it quits .
i think it's time for me to get a new job .
i think it's time to wind up this meeting .
i think that japan is a very safe country .
i think that's just what i need right now .
i think this machine is in need of repair .
i think we'll get off at the next station .
i think you know we have to do that today .
i think you need to study a little harder .
i thought tom and mary were both under 30 .
i thought tom had enough money to live on .
i thought tom might want to do that today .
i thought tom told you what you had to do .
i thought my parents would be proud of me .
i thought there was no one in the kitchen .
i thought you told me you didn't know tom .
i told tom to do that as soon as possible .
i tried to talk to tom , but he ignored me .
i usually eat only one or two meals a day .
i usually take a bath before going to bed .
i very much don't want to have to do that .
i wake up at half past six in the morning .
i want a box three times as large as this .
i want that report on my desk in one hour .
i want to find out what tom did yesterday .
i want to give you enough time to do that .
i want to go over it again in more detail .
i want to show you something in my office .
i want you to do that as soon as possible .
i was offered the choice of tea or coffee .
i was really tired so i went to bed early .
i wasn't able to come because of the rain .
i wasn't the only one who didn't know tom .
i went home in order to change my clothes .
i went to bed a little earlier than usual .
i went to see a movie with tom after work .
i will be studying when you come at seven .
i will give this book to whoever wants it .
i wish i had a wine cellar in my basement .
i wonder how i'll pay the rent this month .
i wonder if someone could help me do this .
i wonder if there really is a santa claus .
i wonder if you could get me another beer .
i wonder where tom learned how to do that .
i wonder whether or not i have to do that .
i wonder why tom won't talk to me anymore .
i'd like to give you the key , but i can't .
i'd like to go with you if you don't mind .
i'd like to have a test for breast cancer .
i'll be able to finish it in a day or two .
i'll do whatever it takes to get you back .
i'm glad you're here to help me with this .
i'm going to buy a camera for my daughter .
i'm indeed grateful to be able to do this .
i'm moving , so i need boxes for my things .
i'm not really as mean as people say i am .
i'm not the kind of person you think i am .
i'm not the only one permitted to do that .
i'm so tired that i can't walk any longer .
i'm sorry , but i can't help you right now .
i'm still not used to getting up so early .
i'm sure you must have a lot of questions .
i'm sure you never told me not to do this .
i'm the only other person who can do that .
i'm willing to help you if you want me to .
i've already told tom what he ought to do .
i've been trying to reach tom for a month .
i've got my guitar in the trunk of my car .
i've just lost the best friend i ever had .
i've spent most of my life here in boston .
if god is with us , then who is against us ?
if i were you , i wouldn't do such a thing .
if i'd known the truth , i'd have told you .
if we begin early , we can finish by lunch .
if we don't stand up for tom , nobody will .
if we had wings , could we fly to the moon ?
if you are ever in japan , come and see me .
if you didn't put this here , then who did ?
if you ever touch me again , i'll kill you .
if you want to succeed in life , work hard .
if your feet get wet , you'll catch a cold .
in their case , it was love at first sight .
is it necessary for all of us to be there ?
is that your first name or your last name ?
is there a rule that says i can't do this ?
is there anything you want me to tell tom ?
it cost him ten dollars to get the ticket .
it cost me 5 , 000 yen to repair my bicycle .
it is important for them to do their best .
it is no use trying to solve this problem .
it is not known when he came up to london .
it is very kind of you to come and see me .
it isn't a good car , but it's still a car .
it isn't easy to find the way to the park .
it seems that the rainy season has set in .
it takes 10 minutes to get to the station .
it takes about ten minutes to boil an egg .
it took us days to track down the problem .
it took us three weeks to build this shed .
it was so dark that they could hardly see .
it wasn't easy to convince tom to do that .
it would be a good idea to try doing that .
it would be better if you read more books .
it's a pity that you can't travel with us .
it's better for you not to see my grandpa .
it's better to be crazy than to be boring .
it's better to walk back than to get lost .
it's dirty work , but someone has to do it .
it's hard to keep up with his dirty deeds .
it's hard to learn a language on your own .
it's one of the best books i've ever read .
it's so hot outside , you could fry an egg .
it's time to take the pie out of the oven .
it's too bad you can't come with us today .
last summer , i worked part time on a farm .
let me know if i need to make any changes .
let's go and see as many things as we can .
let's list all the reasons not to do that .
look out for cars when you cross the road .
making money is not the only goal in life .
man eats to live , he does not live to eat .
maybe tom won't go to boston on this trip .
my french teacher is the same age as i am .
my father gave me a watch for my birthday .
my father has been out of work for a year .
my father has never been sick in his life .
my father is going to go abroad next week .
my heart broke when i saw the dying birds .
my legs hurt because i walked a lot today .
my mother taught me how to make miso soup .
my plan for the summer is to go to europe .
my uncle has a glass eye and a wooden leg .
no one ate any of the cookies that i made .
please take care of my dog while i'm away .
please tell me how much you paid for that .
she acted as if she knew nothing about it .
she didn't even try to do the right thing .
she gave me a lovely watch , but i lost it .
she had good reason to file for a divorce .
she is the one who took care of his wound .
she is well known in both india and china .
she made up for lost time by working hard .
she may have left her car key in her room .
she never managed to pay the bill on time .
she sat still for fear of waking the baby .
she spent a lot of time writing her essay .
she stayed in that area for a short while .
she thought she could get him to like her .
she told the story with tears in her eyes .
she took her ring off and threw it at him .
she was asked not to speak at the meeting .
she was so angry that she could not speak .
she went for a walk with him this morning .
she went into the room and lay on the bed .
she will be back in less than ten minutes .
should i make a cream pie or a pound cake ?
since i had a cold , i didn't go visit him .
thank you for helping me stick to my diet .
thank you for the present you gave my son .
thank you very much for all you have done .
that is new a shop which opened last week .
that sounds a lot easier to do than it is .
that was one of the best times of my life .
that's too hard a problem for me to solve .
the japanese eat rice at least once a day .
the book you're looking for is on my desk .
the car stopped in the middle of the road .
the cost of living in japan is going down .
the coward is the first to raise his fist .
the doctor advised me not to eat too much .
the doctor told me that i should eat less .
the door was locked , so i couldn't get in .
the girl had a long scarf around her neck .
the girl who works at that bakery is cute .
the girl wore a yellow ribbon in her hair .
the man lost no time in reading his paper .
the number of boys in our class is thirty .
the only thing you need to do is go there .
the place where he lives is far from town .
the point of play is that it has no point .
the proof of the pudding is in the eating .
the skin is the largest organ of the body .
the sugar and the butter are for our cake .
the top of mt . fuji was covered with snow .
the town is two miles away from the coast .
the traffic jam was caused by a car crash .
the young lady carried a child in her arm .
there are a lot of kids on the playground .
there are a lot of new buildings here now .
there are a lot of tall trees in the park .
there are rumors that she found a new job .
there is a big stack of mail on the table .
there is a pond in the middle of the park .
there is a tall tree in front of my house .
there was nothing i could do to change it .
there were no signs of life on the island .
there's a big park close to where we live .
there's a bus stop in front of our school .
there's a party going on in the next room .
they gathered at a farm in new york state .
they gave up their plan to climb mt . fuji .
they live in a rundown tenement on 5th st .
this book is easy enough for them to read .
this book is too difficult for me to read .
this book is too large to go in my pocket .
this is the book i want to give my mother .
this is the first thing i do each morning .
this pencil is yours . mine is on the desk .
this tie goes well with the suit , i guess .
this year we had more snow than last year .
to my dismay , i found i had lost my money .
to my relief , he came home safe and sound .
to tell the truth , i don't agree with you .
tom and mary want to know what's going on .
tom asked mary to get him a cup of coffee .
tom asked me if he could watch tv with me .
tom asked me to come to his house tonight .
tom bought a box of candy to give to mary .
tom came to my office to ask me for money .
tom doesn't know if mary is dead or alive .
tom doesn't seem to be as busy as mary is .
tom gave his father a tie on father's day .
tom had no idea mary was going to do that .
tom has been on death row for three years .
tom has read a lot more books than i have .
tom has to speak french every day at work .
tom is 13 , but he still believes in santa .
tom is a lot smarter than you think he is .
tom is swimming with his kids in the pool .
tom isn't well enough to go to work today .
tom lived in boston until a few years ago .
tom looked at mary and then winked at her .
tom never said what he was planning to do .
tom never told me why he didn't like mary .
tom put the screws in a small plastic bag .
tom said he'd do that in a couple of days .
tom said that it was too early to go home .
tom sat on the tree stump , reading a book .
tom saw a large rat run across the street .
tom says he taught himself how to do that .
tom says he's been asked to give a speech .
tom says he's planning to buy mary a gift .
tom spent a lot of time in boston in 2013 .
tom stayed in the shallow end of the pool .
tom tends to only do what he's told to do .
tom threw a piece of meat to the watchdog .
tom told mary john didn't want to do that .
tom told mary where he hid the gold coins .
tom told me that he wasn't afraid of mary .
tom told me why he wasn't able to do that .
tom told us about his last trip to boston .
tom was a good friend of yours , wasn't he ?
tom was mauled by a dog when he was a kid .
tom was shorter than me when we were kids .
tom went to his study and locked the door .
we are using a new process to make butter .
we believe the time of death was 2:20 p . m .
we can get what we want without your help .
we didn't know which car we should get in .
we don't even know who tom got married to .
we had to walk all the way to the station .
we have a good team and everyone knows it .
we have to defend our country at any cost .
we know each other , but not all that well .
we must talk her out of this foolish plan .
we went to boston , where we stayed a week .
we went to the beach last weekend to swim .
what are you going to be when you grow up ?
what are you going to do with this camera ?
what color are you going to dye your hair ?
what do you like to do in your spare time ?
what do you say to playing tennis with me ?
what do you want to do after you graduate ?
what do you want to see while you're here ?
what if you gave a speech and nobody came ?
what makes you think i'd want to see that ?
what would you buy if you won the lottery ?
what would you do if you were in my place ?
what you said does not apply to this case .
when i grow up i want to be just like you .
when i see him , i think of my grandfather .
when i was a kid , i hardly ever ate fruit .
when i woke up , it was still dark outside .
when my mom finds out , she won't be happy .
when was the last time you dyed your hair ?
when was the last time you spoke with tom ?
when was the last time you went to church ?
which color do you like more , blue or red ?
who told you to write with your left hand ?
why are you acting like you don't know me ?
why didn't you try to get your money back ?
why do we need to learn this stuff anyway ?
why do you let people treat you like that ?
why do you spend so much time watching tv ?
why don't you ask when you have a problem ?
why don't you stay with me for a few days ?
why wouldn't you let me go to tom's party ?
will you tell me how to get to your house ?
you and tom will have a lot to talk about .
you are , so to speak , a fish out of water .
you can come to visit us anytime you want .
you can crash on the sofa if you're tired .
you can park on either side of the street .
you can see the whole city from this hill .
you can use my car if you drive carefully .
you didn't tell me that you were a doctor .
you do not want to incur the wrath of god .
you don't have to go if you don't want to .
you don't need to get a haircut this week .
you don't want to make me unhappy , do you ?
you look like a little girl in that dress .
you may give the book to whoever wants it .
you might be the only one who can do that .
you must be careful not to make him angry .
you need to be here by 2:30 at the latest .
you promised not to be rude to me anymore .
you should be able to do this by yourself .
you should really tell tom not to do that .
you shouldn't keep a wild animal as a pet .
you still have a lot to learn about women .
you still haven't told me how old you are .
you will do it whether you like it or not .
you won't believe who sat down next to me .
you won't find a dog bigger than this one .
you're an idiot to go out in this weather .
you're just the person i want to speak to .
you're not ready and i don't want to wait .
you've got my computer and i want it back .
your camera is only half the size of mine .
your lives are in danger if you stay here .
did you sleep well ? i slept like a log .
i don't like tom . that makes two of us .
we have a lot of things to do . such as ?
won't you come with us ? i'd be glad to .
a bunch of people told me not to eat there .
a camel is a horse designed by a committee .
a cup of coffee cost 200 yen in those days .
a few minutes' walk brought him to the zoo .
a few minutes' walk brought us to the park .
a lot of my classmates think that i'm dumb .
a lot of people drowned when the ship sank .
a lot of people feel the same way tom does .
a new bridge is being built over the river .
a square is both a rectangle and a rhombus .
a stranger came up to me and asked the way .
a tall building was built next to my house .
a woman was kind enough to show me the way .
a young man broke into my house last night .
all i want is to be alone for a few months .
all this damage is the result of the storm .
all work and no play makes jack a dull boy .
all you have to do is push this red button .
all you have to do is wait for his arrival .
an apple will float in water , a pear won't .
any man wearing a toupee fears a windy day .
are you going to go to australia next week ?
are you sure you know where tom's house is ?
are you sure you saw someone on the bridge ?
are you sure you're not taking on too much ?
aren't you a little young to be doing this ?
as for me , i have nothing against the plan .
as for me , i like chicken better than pork .
as is often the case with him , he was late .
as soon as he saw a policeman , he ran away .
before i knew it , i couldn't see the birds .
both you and i should lose a little weight .
by the way , i've got to tell you something .
can i persuade you to stay a few more days ?
can you check if the phone is out of order ?
can you please tell me your name once more ?
can you think of any better way to do this ?
cleveland was not sure the boy was his son .
could i get you to update this data for me ?
could you put those bags in the car for me ?
could you tell me where i can get a subway ?
did you enjoy the movie you saw last night ?
did you forget to lock the door last night ?
did you pay somebody to write this for you ?
did you see the way tom was looking at you ?
didn't it occur to you to shut the windows ?
didn't you hear the voice in the next room ?
do you agree with what he says in the book ?
do you have a room that's a little cheaper ?
do you have more than one copy of this key ?
do you have one a little bigger than these ?
do you have pictures of your kids with you ?
do you know the reason why she is so angry ?
do you know what tom does in his free time ?
do you know where tom and his friends went ?
do you know who is looking at that picture ?
do you remember the town where he was born ?
do you see how the roof sags in the middle ?
do you think these glasses look good on me ?
do you want to tell the jury what happened ?
does he go to school on foot or by bicycle ?
don't act like you don't know how to dance .
don't forget to let me know when it's time .
don't forget to put a stamp on your letter .
during the war , we had to do without sugar .
either you or he has to attend the meeting .
every even number is the sum of two primes .
first of all , may i have your name , please ?
flip to the back of the book for the index .
fold the napkins and put one by each plate .
have you ever cut your finger with a knife ?
having seen him before , i knew him at once .
he asked her to marry him , but she refused .
he asked me if i knew her telephone number .
he can't tell what is written on the paper .
he caught hold of a rope and saved himself .
he chose to live in tokyo instead of osaka .
he cut a twig from the tree with his knife .
he died peacefully in bed at the age of 86 .
he does not even know how to sign his name .
he doesn't seem to be heading for the town .
he gave us not only clothes but some money .
he has the bad habit of chewing his pencil .
he has three times as many books as i have .
he helped an old lady get up from her seat .
he is going to buy a new bicycle next week .
he is much better than me at the high jump .
he is not ashamed of his father being poor .
he is not the sharpest knife in the drawer .
he is ready to join us under one condition .
he is reputed the best lawyer in this city .
he is the president of the company in fact .
he often tells us we must help one another .
he ran as fast as his legs could carry him .
he ran to the station and caught the train .
he ran too fast for me to keep up with him .
he said he had more important things to do .
he says he is leaving the country for good .
he spent three years in jail for his crime .
he studied as hard as anybody in his class .
he took the trouble to assist the poor man .
he was ashamed of having done such a thing .
he was so tired that he could hardly stand .
he was the only person to survive the fire .
he wasn't happy in spite of all his wealth .
he who knows the most often says the least .
he who sleeps with dogs gets up with fleas .
he would sit and look at the sea for hours .
he writes to his mother every now and then .
he's so thin that he looks like a skeleton .
her hands are full taking care of the baby .
here's something i want you to give to tom .
his father had died of cancer 10 years ago .
his main object in life was to become rich .
his plane leaves for hong kong at 2:00 p . m .
how and when life began is still a mystery .
how can i get my toddler to eat vegetables ?
how can you be sure that's going to happen ?
how did you get those bruises on your legs ?
how did you spend all the money i gave you ?
how do you know i'm not the one who did it ?
how do you know tom isn't a native speaker ?
how do you know you don't need a bodyguard ?
how long has it been since you've seen tom ?
how many cups of coffee do you drink a day ?
how much did you charge tom to fix his car ?
i allowed tom do that anytime he wanted to .
i almost forgot to pay my bills last month .
i always start my day with a cup of coffee .
i always wear boots when it rains or snows .
i am in a bind as my money has been stolen .
i am no longer young , but i can still bite .
i asked the butler to serve us some coffee .
i blame tom for what happened to all of us .
i broke a bone in my foot while exercising .
i bumped into an old friend on my way here .
i burned all the letters that you wrote me .
i burned the roof of my mouth eating pizza .
i called you in here to ask you a question .
i can lend you some money if you need some .
i can tell by his accent that he is german .
i can't believe you really want to do that .
i can't decide what to eat for lunch today .
i can't get my money out of the bank today .
i can't get this splinter out of my finger .
i can't go to the concert with you tonight .
i can't make it to your party next weekend .
i can't open the door . do you have the key ?
i can't pay you back the money you lent me .
i can't tell you how much this means to me .
i can't tell you the reason why i did that .
i can't wait to tell you about what we did .
i could kick myself for not bringing a map .
i could never forgive myself if i did that .
i couldn't figure out how to open the door .
i couldn't find the page i was looking for .
i did everything i could to be your friend .
i didn't hear a word of what tom just said .
i didn't know why tom didn't want us there .
i didn't stay until the end of the concert .
i didn't take it . you can check my pockets .
i don't have much money in my bank account .
i don't have time for a vacation this year .
i don't know how much longer i can do this .
i don't know how much those two bikes cost .
i don't know how to tell tom this bad news .
i don't know if it'll rain tomorrow or not .
i don't know if today is monday or tuesday .
i don't know the reason he is absent today .
i don't know what i'd do in that situation .
i don't know what i'm going to do with you .
i don't know what i'm going to eat tonight .
i don't know where tom will live next year .
i don't know whether to believe him or not .
i don't know whether to turn left or right .
i don't plan on being a waiter all my life .
i don't remember how we ended up in boston .
i don't think i'm the only one who noticed .
i don't think tom knows how to drive a car .
i don't think tom knows what it feels like .
i don't think tom really needed to do that .
i don't think tom was home on october 20th .
i don't think we want to go down that road .
i don't think you want to take that chance .
i don't understand why this has to be done .
i don't want to be involved in that matter .
i don't want to be involved in this affair .
i don't want to deal with this problem now .
i don't want to go if you don't go with me .
i don't want to hear another word about it !
i don't want to waste time on this problem .
i don't want you to dance with tom anymore .
i don't yet know what we're supposed to do .
i doubt that tom is happy with his new job .
i drink three or four cups of coffee a day .
i eat lunch here two or three times a week .
i feel better when i drink hot lemon juice .
i feel like you don't really care about me .
i felt very relieved when i heard the news .
i found , to my surprise , that she was dead .
i gave him what little money i had with me .
i had a bad cold and was in bed for a week .
i had a lot of money , but spent everything .
i had a raincoat on so i didn't get so wet .
i had a really great time with your family .
i had no idea you knew how to play mahjong .
i had some things to do before the meeting .
i had to drop out of college and get a job .
i have a daughter the same age as your son .
i have an ever growing list of to-do items .
i have to make the best of that small room .
i have to take my medicine every six hours .
i have to withdraw some cash from the bank .
i haven't had this much fun in a long time .
i just don't know how to make it up to you .
i just said i didn't want to talk about it .
i just want to keep things nice and simple .
i just want to thank you for all your help .
i knew all along that he was telling a lie .
i know tom is about the same age as we are .
i know a lot of people don't agree with me .
i know it's tom who's knocking on the door .
i know that i can't do that as well as you .
i know that we can count on tom to do that .
i like meat , but eggs do not agree with me .
i like music , and i listen to it every day .
i like to play music written by my friends .
i made a big mistake when choosing my wife .
i met my teacher on the way to the station .
i need a lot of cloth to make a long dress .
i need to get myself a new pair of glasses .
i need to know if you are planning to come .
i never have enough time to do my homework .
i never realized how much i would miss you .
i never thought it would wind up like this .
i never wash the dishes unless i'm told to .
i now view life differently than i used to .
i picked up a rock and threw it at the dog .
i put three teaspoons of sugar in your tea .
i realize you don't really want to be here .
i recognize that what he says is the truth .
i refuse to be treated like a slave by you .
i remember the day you were born very well .
i remind you that you are still under oath .
i reminded him to write to his mother soon .
i saw that the door was open , so i went in .
i saw you driving by my house this morning .
i should've been able to do that by myself .
i shouldn't have to put up with this noise .
i spent fifty dollars to get my dog spayed .
i spent the whole day playing with my kids .
i spilled some fruit juice on my new shirt .
i study french with tom three times a week .
i think i can solve this problem by myself .
i think tom knew exactly what he was doing .
i think it'd be good if you read this book .
i think it's impossible for us to beat him .
i think it's necessary for him to go there .
i think it's time for me to do my homework .
i think it's time for me to join the fight .
i think maybe tom has something else to do .
i think she is sick . she has a temperature .
i think this table takes up too much space .
i think we'd better ask tom what he thinks .
i think you need to think about the future .
i think you're the only one who needs help .
i thought it was the perfect time to leave .
i thought we had until 2:30 to finish this .
i thought you said you've seen tom do that .
i told you to open the hood , not the trunk .
i tried my best , but i still lost the race .
i tried to open the door , but it was stuck .
i waited for an hour , but he didn't appear .
i want tom to come to boston for christmas .
i want every day to be as good as this one .
i want everyone in my office in 20 minutes .
i want everyone to hear what i have to say .
i want it delivered to me by noon tomorrow .
i want to buy a really good smoke detector .
i want to do everything i'm expected to do .
i want to find out what caused the problem .
i want to keep my room as neat as possible .
i want to know more about your school life .
i want to live in either boston or chicago .
i want to show you something in the office .
i want to stay in a hotel near the airport .
i wanted you to know i'm still your friend .
i was about to go out when he called on me .
i was at the right place at the right time .
i was in boston the night tom was murdered .
i was in the right place at the right time .
i wasn't able to do everything i wanted to .
i will be through with the book in no time .
i will visit my uncle in kyoto this summer .
i wish i'd studied harder when i was young .
i wish the fedora would come back in style .
i wish you had done what i asked you to do .
i wish you had not told him about the plan .
i wonder how much time we've wasted so far .
i wonder what has made him change his mind .
i wonder what your friend tom is doing now .
i worked hard all day , so i was very tired .
i wouldn't tell tom anything if i were you .
i'd be curious to know what tom has to say .
i'd be delighted if you could come with us .
i'd like to help tom , but i don't know how .
i'd like to make some changes in the draft .
i'd rather walk than wait for the next bus .
i'll be glad to drink a glass of champagne .
i'll be grateful if you can do that for me .
i'll do my very best not to disappoint you .
i'll go tell the others what we need to do .
i'll go to the store and buy you some wine .
i'll have to catch the 8:15 train to paris .
i'm afraid i differ with you on this point .
i'm fed up with him always preaching to me .
i'm going to take you where you'll be safe .
i'm going to the post office to buy stamps .
i'm in no mood to argue politics right now .
i'm in no position to do anything about it .
i'm just not cut out for this kind of work .
i'm not even supposed to be here right now .
i'm not even sure i want to see that movie .
i'm not going to send tom a christmas card .
i'm sick of doing the same thing every day .
i'm sitting in the sun , but i'm still cold .
i'm sorry about the way i acted last night .
i'm sorry , but i can't eat dinner with you .
i'm sure you would've done the same for me .
i'm too tired to ride my bicycle back home .
i've already told tom he can borrow my car .
i've got a job and i don't want to lose it .
i've made a list of foods that i can't eat .
i've made a list of things i'd like to buy .
i've never seen that man before in my life .
if i were in your place , i would not do so .
if tom were taller , he could open the door .
if a brain can do it , a computer can do it .
if he'd known the truth , he'd have told me .
if it was easy , it wouldn't be a challenge .
if the phone rings again , i will ignore it .
if we'd taken that plane , we'd be dead now .
if you ask me , it was just a waste of time .
if you don't want to go , you don't have to .
if you don't want to talk to me , that's ok .
if you leave now , you'll get there on time .
if you mix blue and red , you'll get purple .
if you see tom , please tell him to call me .
if you touch that wire , you'll get a shock .
if you're cold , you can turn on the heater .
if you're ever in our area , please drop in .
in japan a new school year starts in april .
in case of an earthquake , turn off the gas .
in my opinion , that isn't a very good idea .
is the cat on the chair or under the chair ?
is there anything else you want to tell me ?
is this the right way to the train station ?
it cost a lot more than i thought it would .
it is a pity that he has no sense of humor .
it is high time you started a new business .
it is impossible for him to do it in a day .
it is no exaggeration to call him a genius .
it is no wonder that she didn't want to go .
it is not easy to find the way to the park .
it is not my intent to hurt you in any way .
it is regrettable that i can't go with you .
it is up to me to tell the sad news to her .
it is you who are to blame for the failure .
it isn't possible to do two things at once .
it may have been tom who broke this window .
it seems like i'm going to have a hard day .
it seems those two are made for each other .
it so happened that i had no money with me .
it takes us half an hour to walk to school .
it took rei 20 days to get over her injury .
it took me three hours to write the letter .
it took us a week to locate their hideaway .
it took us half an hour to set up the tent .
it was a shock to hear about tom's divorce .
it was a vase that my son broke last night .
it was stupid of me to make such a mistake .
it was the first time i visited the museum .
it would be nice if we could do that today .
it would be nice if you helped me a little .
it'll save time if we cut across the field .
it's a rainy day , so we can't play outside .
it's a shame that the singer died so young .
it's a small town in the middle of nowhere .
it's almost seven . we have to go to school .
it's rare for me to get invited to parties .
it's so simple that even a child can do it .
it's the story of a boy , a girl , and a cat .
it's time to go to bed . turn off the radio .
it's very big of you to admit you're wrong .
it's warm today so you can swim in the sea .
japan had defeated russia in a war in 1905 .
keep an eye on my bag while i buy a ticket .
last week my mother came down with the flu .
let me help you . your bags look very heavy .
let's wait a few days and see what happens .
life as it is is very uninteresting to him .
life is not an exact science , it is an art .
listening to music is a great way to relax .
looking out of the window , i saw a rainbow .
looking out the window , i saw a car coming .
maybe one day you can show me how to do it .
more often than not , he is late for school .
most japanese eat rice at least once a day .
mother looked at me with tears in her eyes .
my brother is holding a camera in his hand .
my cat is going to have kittens next month .
my dad gives me an allowance of $10 a week .
my dad loses his keys at least once a week .
my father told me not to read books in bed .
my friends and i went to a party yesterday .
my grandpa lived to the ripe old age of 97 .
my house is on the west side of the street .
my name is known to everybody in my school .
my sister asked me to teach her how to ski .
no matter what you say , the answer is no .
no one seems to know what this is used for .
not all of us are born with musical talent .
of us all , tom was by far the best swimmer .
once he had written the letter , he sent it .
once outside , i gave a deep sigh of relief .
one should bear in mind that time is money .
people who don't want to go , don't have to .
please allow me to ask you a few questions .
please fetch me a chair from the next room .
promise me you won't get mad if i tell you .
read over your paper before you hand it in .
she advised him not to go there by himself .
she advised him to see a lawyer , so he did .
she always has to be the one giving orders .
she asked me to pick her up at the station .
she devoted her time to the study of music .
she drank two glasses of wine at the party .
she gave me a watch for a birthday present .
she gave me an album as a birthday present .
she goes to market every day to buy things .
she had to share a bedroom with her sister .
she has the bad habit of always being late .
she is on the verge of a nervous breakdown .
she loves him now more than she did before .
she still has a little money , but not much .
she told me that i could sleep on the sofa .
she was nearly frozen to death in the snow .
she went into her room to change her dress .
she's busy now , so she can't talk with you .
should i cut the red wire or the green one ?
sometimes i go by bus and sometimes by car .
stay home so that you can answer the phone .
swimming is one thing i can do fairly well .
tell your wife every day that you love her .
thank you for all you did for me that time .
that hotel isn't all it's cracked up to be .
that is why i was late for class yesterday .
that kind of machine is yet to be invented .
that was harder than i thought it would be .
that's why i'm telling you not to go alone .
that's why he did not go overseas to study .
the nile river is the longest in the world .
the bell rang , and the train began to move .
the boy had the kindness to show us around .
the boy lifted the heavy box with one hand .
the bus i take to school is always crowded .
the cause of death is yet to be determined .
the door was locked and we couldn't get in .
the door was locked , so i couldn't open it .
the earth is similar to an orange in shape .
the firemen broke down the door with an ax .
the firm went under due to lack of capital .
the girl who works at the bakery is pretty .
the house standing on the hill is very old .
the ice was thick enough for me to walk on .
the line is busy now . please hold the line .
the meeting , in short , was a waste of time .
the old man served the king for many years .
the pay is terrible and the hours are long .
the score is 9 to 2 in favor of our school .
the side of the house was covered with ivy .
the street our hotel is on is the next one .
the thick fog made it hard to see the road .
the typhoon knocked down a tree in my yard .
the weather is superb , and the sea is calm .
then i'm afraid we have a bit of a problem .
there are a lot of dogs here , aren't there ?
there are a lot of poodles under the couch .
there are a lot of problems we can't avoid .
there are days when i really hate this job .
there are footprints of a cat on the table .
there are more women than men in the world .
there are way too many people in this room .
there is a man waiting for you at the door .
there is a place for everyone in the world .
there is a tinge of red in the eastern sky .
there is an urgent need for food and water .
there is no point in pretending to be sick .
there is no way of knowing where he's gone .
there was a huge spider in the living room .
there was no one at all in the whole house .
there's a hole in the bottom of the bucket .
there's a lot of danger during a big storm .
these are my books and those are his books .
they mined iron in this town for 350 years .
they sat on the bench , looking at the moon .
they say she is the kindest woman on earth .
they set a new record for the longest kiss .
they set the time and place of the wedding .
they welcomed me warmly , so i felt at home .
they were stuck for hours in a traffic jam .
this book is too difficult for you to read .
this car was so cheap that he could buy it .
this is a snapshot of my wife on the beach .
this is only a symptom of a deeper problem .
this is the end of the world as we know it .
this is the house where i lived as a child .
this novel is too difficult for me to read .
this road is too narrow for trucks to pass .
this suitcase is too heavy for me to carry .
to our relief , he came back safe and sound .
to tell the truth , i don't really like him .
today you can get two for the price of one .
tom and mary are both sitting on the couch .
tom and mary argued a lot on christmas eve .
tom and mary had a picnic by the waterfall .
tom and mary split up after their son died .
tom asked mary to take john to the airport .
tom didn't even offer mary a cup of coffee .
tom didn't seem to want to talk about mary .
tom didn't want his friends to see him cry .
tom didn't want to let mary into his house .
tom died three days after he got to boston .
tom doesn't know how to start a lawn mower .
tom doesn't know what mary is trying to do .
tom doesn't know what mary wants him to do .
tom doesn't know what mary was going to do .
tom doesn't like the way mary looks at him .
tom doesn't take very good care of his dog .
tom doesn't think this is such a good idea .
tom doesn't want to be seen talking to you .
tom doesn't want to take that kind of risk .
tom dyed his hair the same color as mary's .
tom had better hurry or he'll miss the bus .
tom had no right to treat mary like he did .
tom is going to buy a new car next weekend .
tom is going to have a good time , i'm sure .
tom just can't seem to get along with mary .
tom keeps a spare key hidden in his garden .
tom knows that he's not likely to be fired .
tom only told mary what she needed to know .
tom persuaded mary to lend him her new car .
tom said he didn't know how to play tennis .
tom said he didn't really know what to buy .
tom said he didn't really know where to go .
tom said he was looking for a place to eat .
tom saw mary sitting alone on a park bench .
tom takes the kids to the school every day .
tom told mary that he had a new girlfriend .
tom tried to persuade mary to stay at home .
tom wanted mary to know he didn't hate her .
tom went into his room and closed the door .
tom will be able to do that today , i think .
tom will never be able to do it by himself .
tom will never know it was you who told me .
try these shoes on and see if they fit you .
until that day , i had never eaten dog meat .
walking to work in this heat is a bad idea .
was that you i heard singing in the shower ?
we are going to visit our aunt next sunday .
we can build a wall with bricks and mortar .
we don't have a choice . we have to do this .
we had to make the best of our small house .
we have to make sure that no one does that .
we have to make the most of this situation .
we have to sing at an old folks home today .
we haven't yet finished what we have to do .
we hurried , so we didn't miss the last bus .
we might not have enough time to eat lunch .
we must take care of our planet , the earth .
we must work hard to make up for lost time .
we saw an old hut at the edge of the woods .
we took shelter from the rain under a tree .
we tried to cheer him up by taking him out .
we went to the caf that i told you about .
we were talking to each other all the time .
we'd better get a move on or we'll be late .
we'll be able to raise cows and sheep , too .
we're going to try to get you full custody .
we're lucky tom is here to help us do this .
we've lost a battle , but we'll win the war .
what i really want is something hot to eat .
what are you doing here this time of night ?
what did you do last year on christmas day ?
what do you think tom would want you to do ?
what do you think you'll do with your life ?
what do you want to do with this old chair ?
what does it mean when a girl winks at you ?
what does it take to get some service here ?
what on earth does this have to do with me ?
what sort of father do you think you'll be ?
what time do you leave home in the morning ?
what would you do if you had one year free ?
what would you say if you were in my place ?
what's in the box is none of your business .
when i grow up , i want to be a pastry chef .
when i grow up , i want to be just like you .
when i opened the door , i found him asleep .
when i woke up , i found i had been tied up .
when my wife finds out , she won't be happy .
when was the last time you took the subway ?
where do you want to live after you retire ?
while he was sick , he lost a lot of weight .
who knows what you'll find up in the attic ?
who would look after my children if i died ?
why can't you take things just as they are ?
why did you lend money to someone like her ?
why did you lend money to someone like him ?
why didn't you tell us there was a witness ?
why don't you sit and have a drink with me ?
why don't you sit right there on the couch ?
why don't you take the rest of the day off ?
why is there so much violence in the world ?
why is this website taking so long to load ?
wind is a cheap and clean source of energy .
would you mind if i watched tv for a while ?
you are old enough to make your own living .
you can do whatever you want to , of course .
you can give tom all of it , if you want to .
you can have either of these , but not both .
you can't fix it . you should buy a new one .
you can't live on love and fresh air alone .
you didn't expect to find me here , did you ?
you don't need to worry about such a thing .
you have no idea how much that means to me .
you have to break an egg to make an omelet .
you look pale . you'd better take a day off .
you must be worn out after working all day .
you must go and see the headmaster at once .
you ought to have started half an hour ago .
you should go home before i change my mind .
you should tell tom that you can't do that .
you were the one who suggested i visit tom .
you'll soon be able to sing as well as tom .
you're not the first person to ask me that .
you're the only person i know who's my age .
you're the only person who can help me now .
you've got to go even if you don't want to .
your house is three times as large as mine .
are you still mad at me ? no , not at all .
how did you two meet ? it's a long story .
how old is she ? she is twelve years old .
i think it's going to rain soon . me too .
i work in boston . i work in boston , too .
i'm not very good at this . neither am i .
may i kiss you ? i'd like that very much .
we have to do this now . there's no time .
what would you like ? i would like a dog .
when do you get up ? at 8 in the morning .
a blast of cold air swept through the house .
a few glasses of wine can loosen the tongue .
a few minutes' walk brought me to the shore .
a friend to everybody is a friend to nobody .
a girl should not sit with her legs crossed .
a hundred people were hurt in a train wreck .
a lot of people were killed in world war ii .
a lot of wild animals died for lack of food .
a nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse .
a pelican can fit a lot of fish in its beak .
a real canadian would never do such a thing .
after i had done my homework , i went to bed .
after his accident , he is happy to be alive .
air is a mixture of gases that we can't see .
all i know about tom is that he's a teacher .
all in all , we had a good time at the party .
all of us went to the theater to see a play .
all you have to do is to wait for her reply .
an awning broke his fall and saved his life .
any time will do so long as it is after six .
are you blaming me for your lack of success ?
are you sure that you want to quit your job ?
are you sure this is the right way to do it ?
are you sure you don't want a cup of coffee ?
are you sure you don't want anything to eat ?
are you sure you don't want to come tonight ?
aren't you even going to ask me where i was ?
aren't you supposed to be at work right now ?
as far as i know , he has never come on time .
as far as i know , he's an excellent student .
as far as i know , she is a very good person .
as is often the case with him , he came late .
as soon as the dog saw me , it began to bark .
at last , her dream to be a doctor came true .
at the foot of the hill is a beautiful lake .
bad weather upset our plans to go on a hike .
by the time we got there , the ship had left .
camping so near the river isn't a good idea .
can i borrow a pen ? mine's on its last legs .
can we go to the lake and watch the sunrise ?
can you account for all the money you spent ?
can you fix this or should i call a plumber ?
can you remember how much you paid for this ?
can you tell me who's going to come tonight ?
can you tell me why you want to work for us ?
can't you move your stuff to the other room ?
christmas is a good time to market new toys .
could you keep your eye out for my car keys ?
could you put a little sunscreen on my back ?
could you tell me how to get to park street ?
could you tell me how to get to your office ?
cows give us milk and chickens give us eggs .
did tom ever tell you how he first met mary ?
did you learn to swim when you were a child ?
do this work by tomorrow if at all possible .
do you have a piece of paper i can write on ?
do you have something to do with this group ?
do you know anyone who hums while they work ?
do you really think tom is better than i am ?
do you think tom and mary will do that soon ?
do you think tom was the one who stole that ?
do you think you could make it before lunch ?
do you want me to help you with the cooking ?
do you want to be a bartender all your life ?
do you want us to try prying this door open ?
doing that won't take too much of your time .
don't ask what they think . ask what they do .
don't cross the road when the signal is red .
don't let go of my hand , or you'll get lost .
don't try doing two things at the same time .
don't you think tom will be able to do that ?
don't you think that tom was a little weird ?
don't you want to hear my side of the story ?
feel free to comment on any point made here .
for one thing , i couldn't afford to do that .
from now on , let's eat lunch in the kitchen .
give me one reason why i shouldn't help tom .
having done the work , she has nothing to do .
having lived in tokyo , i know the city well .
he added a little sugar and milk to his tea .
he applied for a job with the bank of tokyo .
he attempted to climb the fence to no avail .
he became sick and they laid him on a bench .
he called on state troops to end the strike .
he came late , as is often the case with him .
he came to school even though he was unwell .
he chose the wrong man to pick a fight with .
he comes every day to visit his sick friend .
he devoted his life to the study of science .
he did his best to be in time for the train .
he gave the police a false name and address .
he gets a reasonable salary as a bank clerk .
he gives me a phone call every now and then .
he had the good fortune to find a good wife .
he had to stay in hospital for a whole week .
he has no equal in the field of electronics .
he is a man whose heart is filled with hope .
he is alert to every chance of making money .
he is furious at what they have done to him .
he is talking of going to spain this winter .
he is the last man that i want to talk with .
he is the tallest man that i have ever seen .
he just texted me . i think he's drunk again .
he needs a few jokes to lighten up his talk .
he often looks back on his high school days .
he painted the picture which is on the wall .
he pressed down on the suitcase to close it .
he put his tools away after he had finished .
he said he would write to me , but he hasn't .
he said , so long , my friends , and left us .
he stuck the notice on the board with tacks .
he tried to talk to her time and time again .
he tried with all his might to lift the box .
he wanted to know more about the trees , too .
he was at the wrong place at the wrong time .
he was dismissed by the boss of the factory .
he was having lunch when i entered the room .
he was in the right place at the right time .
he was not at all satisfied with the result .
he was scared when the monkey jumped at him .
he was silent for what seemed to me an hour .
he was the first actor i had met in my life .
he went fishing in a river near the village .
he who speaks the truth needs a swift horse .
he worked so hard that he ruined his health .
he's only a couple of years younger than me .
he's the prom king and she's the prom queen .
help me pick out a tie to go with this suit .
her hair was long enough to reach the floor .
his book begins with a tale of country life .
his name is known to everybody in this area .
his salary is too low to support his family .
how can you treat your own mother like that ?
how did you wind up doing this kind of work ?
how do i know if a girl is interested in me ?
how do i know that you're telling the truth ?
how far is it from here to the next village ?
how far is it from the airport to the hotel ?
how long do i have to wait for the next bus ?
how long do you think the meeting will last ?
how long does it take to get to the stadium ?
how long does it take to get to the station ?
how long will it take you to paint my house ?
how many cups of coffee did you drink today ?
how many hours of sleep do most people need ?
how many people want to go swimming with us ?
how much did they give you for your old car ?
how much is the car you are planning to buy ?
how much longer is this storm going to last ?
how often and how much should i feed my dog ?
hurry up and you can still catch your train .
i almost forgot to tell tom about the party .
i am forbidden to stay out after 10 o'clock .
i am in agreement with most of what he says .
i am sure of his winning the speech contest .
i am very sorry to inform you that she died .
i appreciate your taking the time to see me .
i asked tom why he had never gotten married .
i asked tom why he had never studied french .
i awoke to find everything had been a dream .
i became very sleepy after a bit of reading .
i bet stuff like this doesn't happen to tom .
i bought a watch and i lost it the next day .
i bought this hat at a store on park street .
i can never stay angry at tom for very long .
i can not feel at home in a luxurious hotel .
i can see the castle from my bedroom window .
i can't afford to buy such an expensive car .
i can't be sure , but i think tom likes mary .
i can't believe i didn't even think of that .
i can't believe i let you talk me into this .
i can't believe your mom made you wear that .
i can't find my ticket . i must have lost it .
i can't finish the job in such a short time .
i can't go to the restaurant with you today .
i can't understand what he is trying to say .
i can't work with you if you don't trust me .
i could be wrong , but i think tom likes you .
i could go on , but i don't want to bore you .
i didn't expect her to ask me that question .
i didn't know you had a week off last month .
i didn't realize you were so good at french .
i didn't steal it . you can check my pockets .
i didn't want tom to go anywhere without me .
i didn't want to be here in the first place .
i didn't want to do this in the first place .
i didn't want to spend any more time in bed .
i didn't want to tell you that on the phone .
i don't feel up to playing tennis right now .
i don't fight with tom as much as i used to .
i don't have any more time to talk with you .
i don't have enough time to eat lunch today .
i don't have the time to help you right now .
i don't have the will power to quit smoking .
i don't have time to do that this afternoon .
i don't know how to persuade tom to help us .
i don't know how you did it , but you did it .
i don't know what i want to do with my life .
i don't know what motivated me to come here .
i don't know where i'll be living next year .
i don't know where he is or what he's doing .
i don't like eating ice cream in the winter .
i don't like him because he is sly as a fox .
i don't like such sports as tennis and golf .
i don't particularly want to be here at all .
i don't see how that's any of your business .
i don't see what you two are so happy about .
i don't think i'd enjoy doing that with tom .
i don't think he was being straight with me .
i don't think he's playing with a full deck .
i don't think it's good for him to go alone .
i don't think that you should quit your job .
i don't think the pool is open this weekend .
i don't think we need permission to do this .
i don't usually eat the same thing tom does .
i don't want to burden you with my troubles .
i don't want to know what you did yesterday .
i don't want to know what's going to happen .
i don't want to make a big deal out of this .
i feel cold . do you mind closing the window ?
i feel like telling him what i think of him .
i felt sorry for her when i heard her story .
i forgot to turn off the lights when i left .
i gave you a chance , but you didn't take it .
i get goose bumps when i see a horror movie .
i get on pretty well with my new classmates .
i got some shampoo in my eyes and it stings .
i had my wallet stolen from my inner pocket .
i had no intention of going there by myself .
i had to beg my friends to come to my party .
i hate carrots even more than i hate onions .
i hate it when people make fun of my accent .
i hate mosquitoes , but they seem to love me .
i hate the world because the world hates me .
i hate women who say that all men are alike .
i have a ball-point pen , but i want another .
i have a boiled egg for breakfast every day .
i have a client waiting in the waiting room .
i have a toothache , so i can't eat anything .
i have no idea why he quit his job suddenly .
i have no more than one hundred yen with me .
i have plenty of time , but not enough money .
i have to change the batteries in the radio .
i have to do something before it's too late .
i have to finish up some things before i go .
i haven't eaten mexican food in a long time .
i hear his business is on the verge of ruin .
i heard that tom and mary got back together .
i hope to see reindeer on my trip to sweden .
i hope you'll be a better father than i was .
i hope you're not planning to do that today .
i hope your words spur the people to action .
i just don't want there to be any bloodshed .
i just thought that you wouldn't want to go .
i just want to be your friend , nothing more .
i just want to know why you brought me here .
i just want you to know i don't believe you .
i just wanted to let you know i have a date .
i knew i couldn't do it , but i tried anyway .
i know tom wants us to go swimming with him .
i know some of your students don't like you .
i know you're going through a lot right now .
i like jazz . what kind of music do you like ?
i live near her house , but i seldom see her .
i looked in my closet for something to wear .
i lost a shoe . i'm sure that someone hid it .
i lost my receipt . can i still get a refund ?
i lost my watch , so i have to buy a new one .
i met an old friend on the street yesterday .
i missed you a lot while you were in boston .
i need a pair of scissors to cut this paper .
i need to find another way to earn a living .
i need to go get some money out of the bank .
i need to have a word with you in my office .
i needed your help , but i couldn't find you .
i never should've let tom eat so much candy .
i plan to finish it in two or three minutes .
i plan to go . i don't care if you do or not .
i ran as fast as i could to catch the train .
i ran the risk of losing my job to help her .
i refused to eat until my parents came home .
i rode a horse for the first time yesterday .
i said that i would be twenty next birthday .
i sat behind a very tall man in the theater .
i see you had to work late again last night .
i shouldn't have to do all this work myself .
i spend a lot of time practicing the guitar .
i spent my money on clothes , food and books .
i still don't have enough money to buy that .
i stopped at the supermarket on my way home .
i suppose i could change a tire if i had to .
i think i left my keys on the kitchen table .
i think tom needs to be told not to do that .
i think a lot of people will be there today .
i think a lot of people would agree with me .
i think he's coming , but i'm not quite sure .
i think it's dangerous to swim in this lake .
i think it's good for you to read this book .
i think it's little too late to do that now .
i think it's time for me to change my plans .
i think it's time for me to go back to work .
i think it's time for me to turn off the tv .
i think there are lots of sites to see here .
i think we should be honest with each other .
i think we're going to stay for another day .
i think we've done a pretty good job so far .
i thought i told you not to do that in here .
i thought tom wasn't going to be here today .
i thought my eyes were playing tricks on me .
i thought that maybe we could watch a movie .
i took a taxi from the station to the hotel .
i tried to do everything you asked me to do .
i tried to pretend i was something i wasn't .
i understand why tom didn't want to do that .
i used to go ice fishing when i was younger .
i used to go out with friends every weekend .
i usually use a credit card instead of cash .
i walk my dog along the river every morning .
i want tom to go away and leave me in peace .
i want a complete report on my desk by 2:30 .
i want my money back and i want it back now .
i want to ask you about the money you found .
i want to go to the top of the eiffel tower .
i want to have something to remember you by .
i want to know that what i'm doing is right .
i want to know what time you plan to arrive .
i want to learn to play the guitar like you .
i want to see a doctor about my stomachache .
i want to talk with you when you're dressed .
i want to thank you all for a job well done .
i want you to come work here at our company .
i want you to take charge of this operation .
i want you to think about what might happen .
i wanted to buy a book to read on the plane .
i wanted to say thank you for all your help .
i wanted to talk to you about what happened .
i was about to leave when the doorbell rang .
i was absent from school because i was sick .
i was leaving home , when it started to rain .
i was sick , so i couldn't go to the concert .
i was the only one not invited to the party .
i was told that it's dangerous to swim here .
i wasn't aware that you were feeling so bad .
i wasn't lying when i said that i loved you .
i wasn't ready for what was about to happen .
i watched a movie with my friend in my room .
i went fishing with my brother in the river .
i went to italy for the second time in 1980 .
i went to see a movie with tom after school .
i went to the post office to send a package .
i wish i could be the man you want me to be .
i wonder how many people saw tom doing that .
i wonder why tom thinks mary has to do that .
i wonder why the police didn't find the gun .
i wonder why they left my name off the list .
i worked hard in order to support my family .
i worry about whether i'll be a good father .
i wrote the phone number on the writing pad .
i'd like to hear a lot more about your trip .
i'd like to put something in the hotel safe .
i'd like to talk to you about what happened .
i'd rather go for a walk than see the movie .
i'll be ok as long as i stay awake , won't i ?
i'll bet you didn't sleep a wink last night .
i'll even buy you a new car if you want one .
i'll talk to you at a more appropriate time .
i'll tell tom the truth when the time comes .
i'm fixing the radio i found on my way home .
i'm glad things worked out the way they did .
i'm going to get some grub and i'll be back .
i'm in the habit of taking a walk every day .
i'm not a child . don't talk to me like i am .
i'm not going to do that unless you help me .
i'm often told i don't look good in a skirt .
i'm pretty sure i'm going to need some help .
i'm pretty sure tom did what he said he did .
i'm probably the one who'll have to do that .
i'm reading the novel you gave me last week .
i'm sorry to bother you at a time like this .
i'm sorry , but i didn't catch what you said .
i'm sure i can find something for you to do .
i'm sure you'll tell me what i want to know .
i'm tired of eating the same food every day .
i've got to figure out what i'm doing wrong .
i've just eaten some sushi and drunk a beer .
i've lost my umbrella . i must buy a new one .
if i were you , i wouldn't move to australia .
if i won the lottery , i'd buy you a new car .
if i'm not too busy , i'll help you tomorrow .
if it's fine tomorrow , we'll go on a picnic .
if you don't leave , i'll sic my dogs on you .
if you don't understand , you need to say so .
if you eat a lot , you'll eventually get fat .
if you have any difficulty , ask me for help .
if you need anything , just give me a holler .
if you push this button , the door will open .
if you take a nap here , you'll catch a cold .
if you won a million yen , what would you do ?
in any case , i'll have to go there tomorrow .
in the past , there was never this much snow .
is this the book you spoke of the other day ?
it cost me a fortune to get my car repaired .
it didn't snow as much as usual last winter .
it is crazy of you to put your life at risk .
it is dangerous to jump onto a moving train .
it is difficult for me to get up before six .
it is said that the taste of love is bitter .
it is true that he is young , but he is wise .
it is very kind of you to give me your seat .
it isn't a good idea to pick up hitchhikers .
it isn't a snake . it's only a piece of rope .
it isn't safe for us to remain in this area .
it looks like we're almost out of the woods .
it looks like you're trying to grow a beard .
it might be better to address her as doctor .
it seems that you're not having fun in here .
it takes so long for my baby to fall asleep .
it was a dry year , and many animals starved .
it was extremely hot , so i took my coat off .
it was just something i read in a newspaper .
it was raining off and on all day yesterday .
it was so cold yesterday that i stayed home .
it was so dark that i couldn't see anything .
it's a waste of time to reason with a child .
it's been a long time since i've worn a tie .
it's been my dream since i was a little boy .
it's dark in here . do you have a flashlight ?
it's hard for me to live on my small income .
it's hard to be modest when you're the best .
it's hard to get a taxi outside the station .
it's hard to swat a fly with your bare hand .
it's not a snake . it's only a piece of rope .
it's not legal to keep wild animals as pets .
it's nothing more than a job like any other .
it's rude to ask someone how much they earn .
it's so warm in this room that i'm sweating .
it's time for us to do something about that .
it's too bad you can't stay a little longer .
it's too late to do anything about that now .
japan plays a key role in the world economy .
kansas is smack dab in the middle of the us .
last summer , i worked part time on the farm .
let's eat the ice cream now before it melts .
let's see you talk your way out of this one .
letting tom do that wasn't such a good idea .
life here is much easier than it used to be .
mary said that tom was smarter than she was .
mary told tom that she was moving to boston .
mt . fuji is covered with snow in the winter .
my brother wants to go to the moon some day .
my cat purrs when i scratch behind his ears .
my dog follows me whenever i leave the room .
my father smokes a pack of cigarettes a day .
my father spends a lot of time on his hobby .
my father was , i think , a little drunk then .
my folks used to tell me stories about that .
my grandfather goes for a walk on fine days .
my hands turned blue because it was so cold .
my sister sang an english song at the party .
my son always gets sick when he rides a bus .
new york state is almost as large as greece .
no matter who says so , i can't believe that .
no one i know can afford to eat out anymore .
no one could be sure what would happen then .
no one expected him to be a candidate again .
no one on board the sinking ship could swim .
nobody wants to work outdoors on a cold day .
not feeling well , i stayed home on that day .
on my way home , i came across an old friend .
our problem is how to get in touch with him .
our teacher warned him not to be late again .
our trip was canceled due to the heavy snow .
people used to laugh at him behind his back .
please bring me the book next time you come .
please give me a piece of paper to write on .
please help me . i don't know what i'm doing .
please step up here , then sit on this table .
please tell me the reason why she got angry .
portugal is not as close to france as spain .
quit smoking if you don't want to die early .
reflect on it a while . you'll see i'm right .
she couldn't convince him to ask for a loan .
she didn't run fast enough to catch the bus .
she had no sooner seen me than she ran away .
she is coming home at the end of this month .
she is curious to find who sent the flowers .
she is not as beautiful as her older sister .
she is very becoming in a black party dress .
she left the old newspapers lying in a heap .
she may be late , in which case we will wait .
she relied on the medicine as a last resort .
she told me that she had bigger fish to fry .
she tried to conceal her grief at the party .
she wanted to return home , but she got lost .
she warned him not to go out at night alone .
she was seen at a restaurant with her lover .
she went out of the room with downcast eyes .
she worships him and the ground he walks on .
she's about the same age as my older sister .
she's not the kind of girl you think she is .
since i had a slight fever , i stayed in bed .
since there was no taxi , i had to walk home .
since there was nothing left to do , we left .
some people came by car . others came by bus .
some stars began to appear in the night sky .
soon , it won't be unheard of to live to 150 .
tell tom about what you did the other night .
that just goes to prove that you are a liar .
that's a job of your own choosing , isn't it ?
that's not what you need to think about now .
that's what we need to focus on doing first .
the canary is in the cage on the windowsill .
the candle burned out , so i lit another one .
the children will wake up if you make noise .
the coffee is for me and the tea is for you .
the corpse has a gunshot wound in the chest .
the cow gave birth to a calf with two heads .
the date of manufacture is shown on the lid .
the dietitian told me i eat too much starch .
the doctor advised me not to drink too much .
the doctor told tom to stop eating dog food .
the driver told us which bus we should take .
the fact that i said nothing made him angry .
the game was called off because of the rain .
the girl lifted the heavy box with one hand .
the girl was busy making tea for her friend .
the girl who lives next door is very pretty .
the good news is that you don't have cancer .
the grand prize is a kiss from the princess .
the island is about two miles off the coast .
the job comes with a lot of fringe benefits .
the job of a driver is harder than it looks .
the last thing i ate yesterday was an apple .
the man at the door didn't tell me his name .
the man you met at the station is my father .
the news that he was still alive reached us .
the old are not always wiser than the young .
the only dessert i really like is ice cream .
the orange left a strange taste in my mouth .
the pain went away because i took the pills .
the plumber used many tools to fix our sink .
the police got to the scene of the accident .
the problem is worse than we thought it was .
the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog .
the road up ahead is blocked by a landslide .
the road was closed on account of the flood .
the sand was so hot that it burned our feet .
the sea is to fish what the sky is to birds .
the squeaking of the door gets on my nerves .
the station is a ten minute drive from here .
the sum of two plus three plus four is nine .
the thieves opened the door with a pass key .
the top of the hill is a good vantage point .
the trouble is that i have no money with me .
the truth is that we can't live without air .
the two boys look more alike than i thought .
the two brothers are like two peas in a pod .
the yen is rising and the dollar is falling .
there are a lot of things i want to ask you .
there are plenty of fresh eggs on the table .
there are trees on either side of the river .
there has to be a first time for everything .
there is no market for these goods in japan .
there is no question that he will marry her .
there is no way to confirm that he is alive .
there is only one store on the whole island .
there was a cottage on the side of the hill .
there was a moose in the middle of the road .
there was a thick coat of dust on the table .
there wasn't a seat free on the crowded bus .
there were no radios in japan in those days .
there's no need to wash your hair every day .
there's still a fair bit of work to be done .
they had no beards , no hair and no eyebrows .
they never did what they said they would do .
they say there are ghosts in this old house .
this box is very heavy , so i can't carry it .
this coffee is so hot that i can't drink it .
this is a list of what i want for christmas .
this is a little something i bought for you .
this is a much higher price than i expected .
this is arguably the best hotel in the area .
this isn't the time or the place to do that .
this screwdriver is too small to be any use .
to tell the truth , we got married last year .
tom already knows you want to quit your job .
tom and mary insult each other all the time .
tom and mary lived in australia for a while .
tom asked mary where she had parked the car .
tom came into my office and closed the door .
tom can speak french almost as well as mary .
tom can speak french much better than i can .
tom didn't believe a word of what mary said .
tom didn't tell mary what she needed to buy .
tom doesn't seem to be aware of the problem .
tom had a bottle of poison in his briefcase .
tom has a bright career as a medical doctor .
tom has a funny way of laughing , doesn't he ?
tom has a picture of his family on his desk .
tom has done everything we wanted him to do .
tom has spent a lot of time studying french .
tom hasn't been the same since you left him .
tom is one of the most talented guys i know .
tom is saving money for a trip to australia .
tom is the only one not invited to my party .
tom is the tallest boy on our football team .
tom is three years older than you , isn't he ?
tom knew that mary wasn't likely to be busy .
tom knew that he was unlikely to be elected .
tom knows he's wrong , but he won't admit it .
tom learned how to read and write at school .
tom lives near the beach , but he can't swim .
tom lives near the ocean , but he can't swim .
tom lost most of his belongings in the fire .
tom made a list of places he wants to visit .
tom opened the car door and pulled mary out .
tom poured some milk in a bowl for his cats .
tom probably can't do that as well as i can .
tom put a star on top of the christmas tree .
tom said he didn't want to do that with you .
tom said he had more important things to do .
tom said he had plenty of friends in boston .
tom said he isn't used to this kind of food .
tom said he was calling from his cell phone .
tom said he wasn't ready to become a father .
tom said he'd rather not go to mary's party .
tom said it was too risky to go there alone .
tom told everyone he didn't know what to do .
tom took another sip from his glass of beer .
tom tried to kiss mary , but she backed away .
tom tried to open the door , but he couldn't .
tom turned over a new leaf when he met mary .
tom visits me every time he comes to boston .
tom wanted to help , but he didn't have time .
tom warned mary to stay away from his house .
tom wears a kilt when he plays the bagpipes .
tom will be back just in time for christmas .
tom woke mary up in the middle of the night .
tom , could you shut up for just ten seconds ?
try on this new suit to see if it fits well .
was there anything else you wanted me to do ?
we all knew it would happen sooner or later .
we all wanted to know why tom couldn't come .
we arrived to find a huge meal ready for us .
we can enjoy skiing here all the year round .
we can't be the only two people who're late .
we can't really keep all this stuff , can we ?
we didn't have to do that , but we wanted to .
we didn't know the whole story at that time .
we found tom drunk sleeping on a park bench .
we had hardly started when it began to rain .
we had to call off the game because of rain .
we have a little time before the next train .
we haven't tried the drug out on humans yet .
we just have to wait for the dust to settle .
we lost sight of them over half an hour ago .
we must find something to plug up this hole .
we must prevent a war by all possible means .
we thought it wise not to continue our trip .
we took up that problem at the last meeting .
we try to go to boston at least once a year .
we usually eat with a knife , fork and spoon .
we won't do what tom said he wants us to do .
we'll do whatever it takes to get that done .
we'll let you know the result within a week .
we're safer here than we would be in a city .
we've hired a couple of men to fix our roof .
what tom likes most is whiskey on the rocks .
what age was she when she first drove a car ?
what brand of dog food do you feed your dog ?
what do you think i should pack for my trip ?
what is the most romantic city in the world ?
what is the total amount of money you spent ?
what kind of changes do you want us to make ?
what number bus do i take to get to waikiki ?
what will it take to get you to vote for me ?
what would you do in this type of situation ?
what would you like to do while you're here ?
what's the name of the company you work for ?
when was the last time you heard a cat meow ?
when was the last time you saw the sunshine ?
where can i find an outlet for all my anger ?
where did you find it , at school or at home ?
where were you on the night of october 20th ?
which do you prefer , white wine or red wine ?
who can tell what will happen in the future ?
who would want to live in a place like this ?
why are there no taxis at the station today ?
why are you still up ? you should get to bed .
why did you put off the printing of my book ?
why didn't you tell us we needed to do that ?
why don't we go ahead and start the meeting ?
why don't you pick on someone your own size ?
why don't you tell me what you want to hear ?
will you give any discount if i pay in cash ?
will you take care of my dog while i'm away ?
would it be ok if i drank a little more tea ?
would you let me think about it for a while ?
would you like a plastic bag or a paper bag ?
would you mind if i ate a piece of this pie ?
would you show us some samples of your work ?
yesterday it was so cold that i stayed home .
you aren't really going to do that , are you ?
you can stay here as long as you keep quiet .
you can't buy anything if you have no money .
you can't put two saddles on the same horse .
you cooked the steak just the way i like it .
you could be a little nicer to your brother .
you don't know how much i wanted to do that .
you look like you've got ants in your pants .
you may not remember me , but i remember you .
you may stay here as long as you keep quiet .
you must not lose sight of your main object .
you never know what life may throw your way .
you never know what you can do till you try .
you ought not to call at this time of night .
you should make sure that you tie a bowline .
you should've told tom that a long time ago .
you shouldn't eat just before you go to bed .
you smoke far too much . you should cut back .
you will get the worst beating of your life .
you'll have to tell me what you want to eat .
you're old enough to stand on your own feet .
your plan is a good one , but mine is better .
your stitches will be removed in a few days .
did she buy a watch ? yes , she bought one .
i gave them the job . why them and not us ?
is he going to swim tomorrow ? yes , he is .
is it all right if i join you ? of course .
please be on time . i always am , aren't i ?
when will you be here ? i'll let you know .
where is my notebook ? it is on the chair .
will you pass me the sugar ? here you are .
a baby is incapable of taking care of itself .
a chain is no stronger than its weakest link .
a crowd of people gathered to see the parade .
a lot of people in our neighborhood own guns .
a lot of things happened while you were away .
a man whose wife is dead is called a widower .
a nephew is a son of one's brother or sister .
a pair of earrings is a nice present for her .
after an absence of seven years , i went home .
after we finished eating , we went for a walk .
all tom does all day long is play the guitar .
all the floors in her house are made of wood .
amnesia is a partial or total loss of memory .
among the guests were the mayor and his wife .
and while i'm at it , i have another question .
are both of your sisters as beautiful as you ?
are there any letters for me in today's mail ?
are you going to cut down all the trees here ?
are you sure you don't want something to eat ?
aren't you going to invite tom to your party ?
as far as i know , he has never been overseas .
as far as i know , this is the latest edition .
as long as you keep quiet , you can stay here .
autumn is the best season for going on hikes .
be sure to drop in on us if you come our way .
be sure to put out the fire before you leave .
because of rain , we couldn't go to the beach .
birds are singing here and there in the park .
bungee jumping isn't as much fun as it looks .
by what authority do you order me to do this ?
can i have two hamburgers and a coke , please ?
can i take my shirt off ? it's so hot in here .
can you believe it ? he's even lazier than me .
can you get that to me by the end of the day ?
can you still remember the time we first met ?
can you tell me where the subway entrance is ?
can you think of a better idea than this one ?
can you verify that this message is from tom ?
could we get a bottle of your best champagne ?
could you give me your name and phone number ?
could you go to the store and grab some eggs ?
could you hand me the newspaper on the table ?
could you please take the dog out for a walk ?
cuban cigars are among the best in the world .
did tom say how long mary would be in boston ?
did you fall in love with her at first sight ?
did you hear about tom and mary splitting up ?
did you know that tom didn't have to do that ?
did you try playing that song on your guitar ?
do you find that washing machine easy to use ?
do you know how tom got the scar on his chin ?
do you know the girl waving at us over there ?
do you listen to the radio at home every day ?
do you mind if i ask you a personal question ?
do you remember the first time you kissed me ?
do you walk to school or do you take the bus ?
do you want me to bring you something to eat ?
do you want to eat something before we leave ?
do your gums bleed when you brush your teeth ?
does tom want me to drive him to the airport ?
don't do the crime , if you can't do the time .
don't enter the room until i say all right .
don't get off while the vehicle is in motion .
don't let me down like you did the other day .
don't walk so fast . i can't keep up with you .
don't worry . you'll get used to it over time .
don't you ever knock before you enter a room ?
don't you think that necklace is a bit gaudy ?
english is spoken in many parts of the world .
even if he doesn't come , we'll have to begin .
every time i see you , i think of your mother .
everybody can see that he has a crush on her .
fish like carp and trout live in fresh water .
for the most part , i agree with what he said .
for three days i had to wander in the desert .
give me one good reason why i should do that .
have i ever told about how i met your mother ?
have you been told where the meeting will be ?
have you ever been a witness in a court case ?
have you ever been betrayed by a good friend ?
have you ever heard that song sung in french ?
have you ever seen a spider spinning its web ?
he asked his father to take him to the store .
he asked his wife if she was coming with him .
he asked me to wait there until he came back .
he asked me who i thought would win the race .
he attended the meeting in place of his boss .
he broke his word , which made his wife angry .
he crushed the sheet of paper up into a ball .
he deprived my little sister of all her toys .
he didn't run fast enough to catch the train .
he fell in love with the girl at first sight .
he gambled on the war coming to an early end .
he got his car washed at the filling station .
he has some income in addition to his salary .
he is as smart as any other boy in the class .
he is my neighbor , but i don't know him well .
he is taller than any other boy in his class .
he is the last person to speak ill of others .
he knows better than to believe such a thing .
he laid on his back and looked up at the sky .
he lost his balance and fell off his bicycle .
he may be clever , but he is not very helpful .
he never recovered from the death of his son .
he put up a notice about the change in price .
he read the entire old testament in one year .
he said he was suffering from a bad headache .
he said he wasn't used to speaking in public .
he saved the boy at the risk of his own life .
he says that he has no memory of the evening .
he studied hard in order to get into college .
he tends to get angry when people oppose him .
he tried harder to get good marks than i did .
he tried to comfort her , but she kept crying .
he tried to make his wife happy , but in vain .
he used a big piece of paper to make the bag .
he was mad at me because i broke up with him .
he was moved to tears when he heard the news .
he was robbed when coming home late at night .
he was scolded by his teacher for being lazy .
he was sick , so he couldn't attend the party .
he was sitting in the library when i saw him .
he was the only one not invited to the party .
he went for a swim in the lake every morning .
he wore a mask so no one would recognize him .
he works on the farm from morning till night .
he wrote a book about the american civil war .
he'll be sure to smell a rat if i'm with you .
he's much more into her than she is into him .
his business in new york was a great success .
his daughter , as well as his son , was famous .
his mother died when he was eleven years old .
how about stopping the car and taking a rest ?
how can i deactivate my account on this site ?
how large is the population of new york city ?
how long did it take you to write the report ?
how long do you plan to stay in this country ?
how long does it take to walk to the station ?
how long have you been living on park street ?
how long have you been living on this island ?
how long have you had this wart on your hand ?
how long will tom have to be in the hospital ?
how many audiobooks do you have on your ipod ?
how many flights to tokyo do you offer a day ?
how many people did you invite to your party ?
how many people do you need for a rugby game ?
how many times did you talk to tom last week ?
how much time do you spend shaving every day ?
how old were you when your father was killed ?
i am going to do it whether you agree or not .
i am surprised to see you here in this hotel .
i assume you must be a close friend of tom's .
i bet you can't guess where i was last night !
i can carry that for you if you'd like me to .
i can only stay with you for just a few days .
i can watch tv all day without getting bored .
i can't afford to buy a new car at this time .
i can't afford to buy anything in this store .
i can't do all of this without a little help .
i can't figure out how to open this suitcase .
i can't figure out how to solve this problem .
i can't find the word to express what i feel .
i can't focus on two things at the same time .
i can't keep living the way i've been living .
i can't keep up with you if you walk so fast .
i can't make heads or tails of what you said .
i can't remember exactly where i put my keys .
i can't say i'm terribly proud of what i did .
i can't stand being cooped up in this prison !
i can't thank you enough for all you've done .
i caught him by the arm before he could fall .
i chose not to do that the way tom suggested .
i could probably convince tom not to do that .
i couldn't have stayed even if i'd wanted to .
i couldn't tell tom what was going to happen .
i crossed the room and looked out the window .
i decided that i would quit my part-time job .
i didn't expect such a nice present from you .
i didn't expect to be asked to give a speech .
i didn't have time to read the whole article .
i didn't know tom didn't know how to do that .
i didn't know that i was supposed to do that .
i didn't know why i'd been chosen to do that .
i didn't know you were staying at this hotel .
i didn't recognize him at first on the train .
i didn't want to spend any more time in jail .
i don't approve of the way he bullies others .
i don't feel like doing my math homework now .
i don't feel like taking a walk this morning .
i don't have enough money to buy what i want .
i don't have the necessary skills to do that .
i don't intend to make a deal with the devil .
i don't know for certain when he will arrive .
i don't know if he will visit us next sunday .
i don't know if he would have done it for me .
i don't know if you'll be here when i return .
i don't know the exact length of this bridge .
i don't know what to do with those leftovers .
i don't know whether tom is at school or not .
i don't lend my books to any of the students .
i don't like him coming to my house so often .
i don't remember exactly where i put my keys .
i don't think tom knows you have a boyfriend .
i don't think tom will be at school tomorrow .
i don't think any more students want to come .
i don't think that she looks like her mother .
i don't usually to go to bed before midnight .
i don't want this news to be made public yet .
i don't want to go bald when i'm still young .
i don't want you to get the wrong impression .
i exchanged some yen for dollars at the bank .
i felt my heart pound after running a little .
i forgot to tell you where i put your jacket .
i found the book at that bookstore by chance .
i go to the museum whenever i get the chance .
i got a puppy from my father for my birthday .
i had enough time , so i didn't need to hurry .
i had hardly left home when it began raining .
i had no idea you could speak french so well .
i had the same thing happen to me last month .
i had to walk here because my car broke down .
i hate to run the risk , but i have no choice .
i have a huge amount of clothes in my closet .
i have heard nothing from him for five years .
i have no one to talk about my problems with .
i have plenty of things to eat in the pantry .
i have too many things on my mind these days .
i haven't been able to solve the problem yet .
i heard voices on the other side of the door .
i hit my funny bone on the edge of the table .
i hope you can be a better father than i was .
i hope you will succeed in winning the prize .
i hurried in order not to be late for school .
i just didn't want you to think i was stingy .
i just want a little more variety in my life .
i just want to say i'm glad that you're here .
i just want you to know you can depend on me .
i just want you to tell tom what you told me .
i knew i'd broken my wrist the moment i fell .
i know quite a few people who don't eat meat .
i know that things haven't been easy for you .
i left my baby in her care and went shopping .
i made my peace with my aunt before she died .
i met a friend while i was waiting for a bus .
i must make up for lost time by driving fast .
i need a tool for pulling weeds in my garden .
i need your consent to test you for covid-19 .
i never imagined i'd feel this way about you .
i opened the window to let in some fresh air .
i plan to stay here until my money gives out .
i put the meat we just bought in the freezer .
i really don't want to go to boston with tom .
i really have to think about this a bit more .
i really wish i didn't have to tell you this .
i rented an apartment when i lived in boston .
i saw some empty bottles lying on the ground .
i saw the old man feed his dog chicken bones .
i should probably tell tom i want to do that .
i skipped out on my appointment with my boss .
i still don't think you should be doing that .
i still haven't done what you asked me to do .
i suggest you do your job and let me do mine .
i suppose you want to ask me where i've been .
i take it for granted that people are honest .
i telephoned to say that i wanted to see him .
i think i could come to boston for christmas .
i think tom drank out of my glass by mistake .
i think tom is a lot better singer than mary .
i think a part-time job is a good experience .
i think it'd be better if you didn't do that .
i think it's better for us to adopt his plan .
i think it's important to tell him the facts .
i think it's time for me to apologize to her .
i think it's time for me to ask for her help .
i think it's time for me to buy a decent car .
i think it's time for me to buy a new camera .
i think it's time for me to buy my son a car .
i think it's time for me to clean the garage .
i think it's time for me to close the window .
i think it's time for me to consult a doctor .
i think it's time for me to consult a lawyer .
i think it's time for me to get my own place .
i think it's time for me to leave for school .
i think it's time for me to lose some weight .
i think it's time for me to organize a party .
i think it's you who should apologize to her .
i think that tom may have a drinking problem .
i think that that book is not so interesting .
i think we should stick to the original plan .
i think we're the only people on this island .
i think you should rest a bit . you look pale .
i thought tom would leave the book with mary .
i thought maybe i'd better not clean my room .
i thought the company had sent tom to boston .
i thought you said you couldn't eat raw fish .
i tried to solve the problem , but i couldn't .
i used to do that , but i don't do it anymore .
i usually don't get up until noon on sundays .
i want a car , but i have no money to buy one .
i want a cheeseburger , a coke and some fries .
i want a hot shower before i go back to work .
i want the whole world to know we're in love .
i want to get as far away from here as i can .
i want to speak to whoever is in charge here .
i want to spend the rest of my life with you .
i want you to go and see if it's still there .
i wanted tom to come to boston for christmas .
i wanted to help , but i couldn't do anything .
i wanted to thank you for what you did today .
i was able to succeed because of your advice .
i was born in osaka , but brought up in tokyo .
i was on the spot when he had a heart attack .
i was so excited that i couldn't fall asleep .
i was surprised when tom told me he loved me .
i was told that i needed to get enough sleep .
i was too embarrassed to look her in the eye .
i was unable to breathe because of the smoke .
i was very sleepy and fell asleep right away .
i went skiing for the first time this winter .
i went to her house , but she was not at home .
i went to the post office to buy some stamps .
i will explain the situation to you later on .
i will give you a call as soon as i get home .
i wish i could afford to buy a car like that .
i wish i had more time to spend with friends .
i wish my french was as good as your english .
i wish there were some cute guys in my class .
i woke up with a headache again this morning .
i won't be able to fix this without my tools .
i wonder if i should really become a teacher .
i wonder if he can reserve the flight for me .
i wonder if it would be dangerous to do that .
i wonder if you have something to write with .
i wonder what happens if i press this button .
i wonder why so many of these nails are bent .
i work as a carpenter in a furniture factory .
i worked as hard as i could so i didn't fail .
i wouldn't tell tom about that if i were you .
i wrote down his address on a piece of paper .
i'd like to ask tom a few questions if i may .
i'd like to ask you about a car you repaired .
i'd like to ask you about a student of yours .
i'd like to know a little bit more about you .
i'd like to know how you got my phone number .
i'd like to talk to someone about what i saw .
i'd like you to help me gather some firewood .
i'd rather not eat the same food again today .
i'll never forget what you did for my family .
i'll never tell anyone what you just told me .
i'm afraid i won't finish the report on time .
i'm afraid that i can't allow you to do that .
i'm being sincere when i say that i love you .
i'm looking for a hat to match a brown dress .
i'm looking for my shoes . have you seen them ?
i'm not as interested in politics as you are .
i'm not in a position to give you any advice .
i'm not the only person who couldn't do that .
i'm really tired and want to go to bed early .
i'm sorry for what i said . i was out of line .
i'm sorry , but i don't have any small change .
i'm sorry , but i don't want to talk about it .
i'm sorry , but your names aren't on the list .
i'm sorry . i know i shouldn't have done that .
i'm sure i know more people here than you do .
i'm sure you understand why we can't do that .
i'm the only person who knows how to do that .
i'm trying to figure out what you do for fun .
i've always fed my dogs in the early evening .
i've finally found the woman i want to marry .
i've got to stop eating such sweet ice cream .
i've kind of gotten used to living in a tent .
i've never met a musician that i didn't like .
i've tried everything i know to cheer him up .
if i had enough money , i could buy this book .
if i start eating potato chips , i can't stop .
if i were to go abroad , i would go to france .
if you can't do the time , don't do the crime .
if you do not have this book , you can buy it .
if you do that , everyone's going to hate you .
if you don't believe me , go see for yourself .
if you don't want to come , you don't have to .
if you don't want to sing , you don't have to .
if you need a ride , i could come and get you .
if you see a mistake , then please correct it .
if you start now , you will get there in time .
if you want to buy a leash , go to a pet shop .
if you want to succeed , you should work hard .
if you want your money back , you can have it .
if you're not with us then you're against us .
in 1964 , rev . king won the nobel peace prize .
in any case , this has nothing to do with you .
in order to sprout , seeds need air and water .
is it convenient for you if i come at 6 p . m . ?
is there anything you want me to buy for you ?
it annoys me when people do things like that .
it cost me 50 dollars to have my watch fixed .
it is about ten minutes' walk to the station .
it is cruel of him to say such things to her .
it is easy to add numbers using a calculator .
it is no use arguing with such a foolish man .
it is not easy to be understood by everybody .
it is not easy to distinguish good from evil .
it is traditional to wear black to a funeral .
it is true that she teaches french at school .
it looks like the dog wants something to eat .
it must be really creepy to work in a morgue .
it must've been difficult for you to do that .
it took me three hours to finish my homework .
it was easier than it seemed at first glance .
it was not until yesterday that i noticed it .
it was so cold that i stayed at home all day .
it won't be the first time tom has been late .
it's a nice place , but i wouldn't live there .
it's a problem we do not have any answer for .
it's been my dream since i was a little girl .
it's cheaper if you order these by the dozen .
it's good for us to eat vegetables every day .
it's hard to tell you and your brother apart .
it's high time you left for school , isn't it ?
it's not as easy to obey as it is to command .
it's not like you have anything better to do .
it's not what you wear , it's how you wear it .
it's so noisy here i can't hear myself think .
it's time for you to tell me the whole truth .
it's very cloudy . i think it's going to rain .
just a moment . i haven't made up my mind yet .
let's get the work over with so we can relax .
let's hit the town tonight and have some fun .
let's meet in front of the main gate at 2:30 .
let's see if we can figure out what happened .
life doesn't always go the way we want it to .
make sure you can walk before you try to run .
may i ask you some questions about your name ?
may i exchange this shirt for a smaller size ?
may i take a few days off to visit my family ?
maybe tom was the one who stole your bicycle .
maybe you should have a little talk with tom .
mt . everest is the highest peak in the world .
my coat has a hood , but i hardly ever use it .
my father died , leaving a large sum of money .
my father left me a lot of money in his will .
my friends gave us a whirlwind tour of paris .
my friends stood by me during the court case .
my house is in the northern part of the city .
my mother faints every time she sees a mouse .
my mother told me i needed to eat less candy .
my vet told me to feed my dog in the evening .
my wife used to stay home , but she works now .
nickel is a hard metal with a silvery luster .
no matter what game he plays , he always wins .
no matter what happens , you must not give up .
no mountain in japan is higher than mt . fuji .
no one can tell what'll happen in the future .
no one knows how long the pandemic will last .
nobody told me it was going to get this cold .
not knowing what to do , i asked him for help .
not knowing what to do , he asked me for help .
of course ! why didn't i think of that before ?
our school has a gym but not a swimming pool .
pass the ball quickly to a person behind you .
please book me a room in a first-class hotel .
please get all of your junk out of this room .
please let me know if you have any questions .
please see to it that the dog doesn't go out .
please turn off the radio and turn on the tv .
rain is the water that falls from the clouds .
santa claus may not come to see us this year .
see that the door is locked before you leave .
she asked him if he knew my telephone number .
she burst into tears when she heard the news .
she did not visit me on sunday but on monday .
she doesn't hate him . in fact , she loves him .
she fainted , but came to after a few minutes .
she felt like crying when she heard the news .
she got over the shock of her father's death .
she had lived in hiroshima until she was ten .
she has a 10 percent interest in the company .
she has a bad habit of chewing on her pencil .
she looked at him and knew that he was angry .
she picked out a pink shirt for me to try on .
she said that she had to be back before dawn .
she seems to be involved in that murder case .
she spends way too much time surfing the web .
she talks as if she knew everything about it .
she told her children to put away their toys .
she tried to comfort him , but he kept crying .
she was ready to give him back all his money .
she , of all people , wouldn't do such a thing .
since i had a cold , i was absent from school .
since my mother was sick , i looked after her .
since when are you two on a first name basis ?
since you have a fever , you should stay home .
sir , you have left your lighter on the table .
some of them are healthy , but others are not .
something is wrong with the engine of my car .
sometimes , i feel like life is passing me by .
stay out of this ! it's none of your business !
take off your hat when you enter a classroom .
take your umbrella with you in case it rains .
tell me if there's anything i can do to help .
thank you for helping me keep out of trouble .
that's one reason why i'll never do it again .
the statue of liberty is a symbol of america .
the statue of liberty is located in new york .
the u . s . economy is the largest in the world .
the apple was cut in two by her with a knife .
the bar was so crowded you could hardly move .
the big fire reduced the whole town to ashes .
the box is light enough for a child to carry .
the boy crammed all his clothes into the bag .
the boy mocked his friend for being a coward .
the car broke down on the way to the airport .
the castle is on the other side of the river .
the charge for a front row seat is 5 dollars .
the date of the party is still up in the air .
the doctor advised him to ease up on alcohol .
the doctor wants tom to lose a little weight .
the doctor was not sure what the trouble was .
the dog was covered in mud from head to foot .
the family is the most basic unit of society .
the fire broke out after the staff went home .
the first casualty of every war is the truth .
the government has imposed a new tax on wine .
the guy we met yesterday in the park was tom .
the hotel i'm staying at is near the station .
the house where i live belongs to my parents .
the ice on the lake couldn't bear his weight .
the last time i saw tom was about a year ago .
the level of the river rose little by little .
the majority of those men worked in the mine .
the more you have , the more you have to lose .
the murder happened between 3 a . m . and 5 a . m .
the neighbor asked us to turn the music down .
the old cottage has a certain charm about it .
the peddler carried a big bundle on his back .
the plumber pumped the water out of the pipe .
the post office is just across from the bank .
the royal jewels are kept under lock and key .
the shirt that i've just bought is very nice .
the sniper picked off his victims one by one .
the sun is at the center of our solar system .
the swimming pool is closed due to the storm .
the teacher told him not to forget his books .
the tetanus shot hurt more than the dog bite .
the tickets for the concert are on sale here .
the trains were too crowded for us to get on .
the truth is that he was not fit for the job .
the weather will delay the start of the race .
the whale is the largest animal on the earth .
there are a lot of beautiful places in japan .
there are a lot of dustballs under the couch .
there are a lot of places to see around here .
there are more girls than boys in this class .
there are not enough chairs for us to sit on .
there is a small garden in front of my house .
there is nothing like cold beer on a hot day .
there used to be a lot of frogs in this pond .
there was a bus stop at the foot of the hill .
there was a cold wind blowing from the north .
there was a suggestion of anger in his voice .
there was a tower on the top of the mountain .
there were bits of broken glass on the floor .
there were many empty beer cans on the floor .
there's a pair of scissors in the top drawer .
there's got to be a better way of doing this .
there's never been a better time to buy land .
there's no problem if you want to sleep here .
these books are mine and those books are his .
they arrived just in time for the last train .
they decided to put an end to the discussion .
they decided to settle in a suburb of london .
they don't want us to see what they're doing .
they regarded him as the best doctor in town .
they regarded the man as a danger to society .
things don't always turn out the way we plan .
this book is too difficult to read in a week .
this computer's a lot faster than my old one .
this could be construed as an act of treason .
this is the best christmas i've had in years .
this is the best party i've been to all year .
this is the pencil that she used to write it .
this is the third longest river in the world .
this kind of thing usually takes a long time .
this railing is not as stable as it could be .
this seems like a good place to pitch a tent .
this summer we had an unusual amount of rain .
this type of thing never used to happen here .
this watch is twice as expensive as that one .
this will never happen again , i swear to you .
those who don't want to go , don't need to go .
though it was cold , he didn't light the fire .
three years ago today , tom and i got married .
tom always sits in the back of the classroom .
tom and mary cut classes and went to the zoo .
tom asked mary if she'd like a cup of coffee .
tom asked mary who had given her the picture .
tom asked his boss if he could go home early .
tom asked me if i would be home this evening .
tom can't say for sure when mary will arrive .
tom could never make me laugh the way you do .
tom didn't expect mary to react like she did .
tom didn't help mary as much as he should've .
tom didn't know that he had a secret admirer .
tom didn't want mary to see him in handcuffs .
tom didn't want to come to australia with us .
tom doesn't have to go if he doesn't want to .
tom doesn't need a doctor . he needs a priest .
tom doesn't need to do that . mary will do it .
tom doesn't want me around when mary is here .
tom doesn't want to do anything to hurt mary .
tom forgot to tell mary that john had called .
tom goes to bed at the same time every night .
tom had no qualms about cheating on the test .
tom has asked us to buy him something to eat .
tom has lived in boston for more than a year .
tom heard mary say that she couldn't do that .
tom held a small flashlight in his left hand .
tom is angry at me because i didn't help him .
tom is flying back to boston on october 20th .
tom is here because he wants to talk to mary .
tom is lying . i didn't do what he says i did .
tom is out in the yard , playing with our dog .
tom just tells people what they want to hear .
tom knew mary didn't have to do that anymore .
tom lived in australia until a few years ago .
tom looks more like a teacher than a student .
tom rummaged about in his rucksack for a pen .
tom said mary is reluctant to do that for us .
tom said that mary might come back on monday .
tom said that he didn't want to be disturbed .
tom says he knows mary won't eat raw carrots .
tom spends a lot of time playing video games .
tom thought mary wouldn't be able to do that .
tom told mary that she should move to boston .
tom tried to remember what mary had told him .
tom tried to tell mary what she needed to do .
tom wanted mary to bring him a cup of coffee .
tom was the one who told mary how to do that .
tom went into the kitchen to get some coffee .
tom will thank me for this one of these days .
tom wishes for his son to inherit his estate .
tom would lend you money if you asked him to .
tom's girlfriend is a lot younger than he is .
tom's parents let him do what he wants to do .
trying to do such a thing is a waste of time .
two weeks have passed and i haven't seen you .
we are going to his house . want to come with ?
we can't just act as if nothing has happened .
we can't live without water for even one day .
we couldn't go out because of the heavy rain .
we didn't have enough time to finish the job .
we go to the movies together once in a while .
we go to the theater on mondays or thursdays .
we got out of bed early on christmas morning .
we had known him for five years when he died .
we have no hot water because the pipes broke .
we have to be willing to take the first step .
we hung a christmas wreath on the front door .
we looked out of the window , but saw nothing .
we must continue to study as long as we live .
we must learn to live in harmony with nature .
we really should buy a new car , shouldn't we ?
we regard him as the best player on the team .
we sent you an email with an activation link .
we should determine what is to be done first .
we study the past for the sake of the future .
we wish him the best in his future endeavors .
we won't have time to do anything else today .
we'll have to find some other way to do this .
we've achieved a lot in the past three years .
we've all done things we wish we hadn't done .
what do i have to do now that i'm registered ?
what do you think caused him to lose his job ?
what do you think you'd like to do next time ?
what else do you think tom is planning to do ?
what kind of fuel do you use in this machine ?
what kinds of goods do you sell in your shop ?
what should we do if he happens to come late ?
what time did you close the store last night ?
what's the fastest way to get to the airport ?
when i try to walk , i get an awful pain here .
when tom lost his wallet , he was out of luck .
when do you intend to come home this evening ?
when the curtain went up , the stage was dark .
when they finally found him , it was too late .
when was the last time you got your hair cut ?
when was the last time you squashed a spider ?
when was the last time you traveled by train ?
where can i go to buy art books and catalogs ?
who is sitting at the other end of the table ?
who was the girl you were with the other day ?
who's that cute guy i saw you with yesterday ?
why don't you tell me something i don't know ?
why don't you tell me what this is all about ?
why on earth did you take him to the station ?
will you have a christmas party at your home ?
worrying is like paying a debt you don't owe .
would it be all right if i visited you today ?
would the last one out please close the door ?
would you like me to show you how to do that ?
would you like to go have a drink after work ?
would you mind telling me where you got this ?
would you please send me a catalogue by mail ?
you aren't expecting me to help you , are you ?
you aren't going to call my parents , are you ?
you aren't going to tell my parents , are you ?
you can always count on him in any emergency .
you can buy whichever you like , but not both .
you can stay here for a while if you want to .
you can win all the battles yet lose the war .
you can't use this faucet . it's out of order .
you could do this if you put your mind to it .
you could go back to boston if you wanted to .
you could've chosen an easier way to do that .
you don't have to be tall to play basketball .
you have friends who can help you , don't you ?
you have no idea how important you are to me .
you have no legal right to seize my property .
you have somebody you can talk to , don't you ?
you have to pay 10 , 000 yen extra on holidays .
you know i can't wait for you if you're late .
you might need to go to australia next month .
you must not lose sight of your goal in life .
you never know when this might come in handy .
you should always save money for a rainy day .
you'd better keep your money for a rainy day .
you're the only one who knows how to do this .
you're the only person i know who can't swim .
you're the only person i know who owns a gun .
your phd thesis has to be written in english .
i asked you a question . i didn't hear you .
jump across the ditch . i will if you will .
let me buy you lunch . sure . i'd like that .
tell me why you are so sad . it's personal .
where were you ? i was at a friend's house .
a comparable car would cost far more in japan .
a good question is already half of the answer .
a great number of citizens went into the army .
a heavy stone slab was lowered over the grave .
a large pillar obstructs the view of the lake .
a long time ago , people didn't live very long .
a long train of camels was moving to the west .
a man who speaks the truth needs a fast horse .
a party of scientists were on board with them .
a special tax is imposed on very high incomes .
a traffic accident caused us a lot of trouble .
a tuft of hair showed from underneath her cap .
about how many days will it take to get there ?
according to the news , he was eaten by sharks .
all future meetings will be held in this room .
all he wanted was time to finish his painting .
all you have to do is ask him to pay the debt .
am i the only one that doesn't agree with you ?
an ant can lift more than 50 times its weight .
any book will do as long as it is interesting .
apart from his parents , no one knows him well .
are you sure you don't want me to go with you ?
armstrong was the first man to reach the moon .
as far as i am concerned , i have no objection .
as soon as we get the answer , we'll phone you .
asia is roughly four times the size of europe .
at last , they reached the top of the mountain .
at the moment you're in no condition to drive .
books such as these are too difficult for him .
by the time we got there , it was already dark .
camels are often used to travel in the desert .
can i rely on you to be here on time tomorrow ?
can you believe it ? she's even lazier than me .
can you tell me when the next bus will arrive ?
can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is ?
can't you see it's bigger than the both of us ?
chance led to the discovery of the new island .
convincing tom to do the right thing was hard .
could you send someone up for my bags , please ?
did the doctor give you anything for the pain ?
did the umbrella that you found belong to tom ?
did you find out what time the meeting starts ?
did you go abroad for pleasure or on business ?
did you go to your dance class this afternoon ?
did you tell tom he could go see mary tonight ?
didn't your mother teach you to say thank you ?
do i hear a note of trepidation in your voice ?
do i look like a guy who wants to get married ?
do you always wear green on st . patrick's day ?
do you have a license to operate a motor boat ?
do you have a problem with what was suggested ?
do you have something to do with that company ?
do you know the reason why the sky looks blue ?
do you think i can use my phone in the shower ?
do you think i'm too old to go back to school ?
do you think tom will be home on october 20th ?
do you think the road is wide enough for cars ?
do you want me to help you with your homework ?
does this mean that you don't love me anymore ?
don't ask me so many questions . use your head .
don't judge others by the color of their skin .
don't live like you want to , live how you can .
don't look down on him just because he's poor .
don't worry . i'm not going to tell the police .
dr . skeleton is known for his study on ghosts .
eggs are usually sold by the dozen in america .
even if you wash it , the color won't come out .
excuse me , but do you mind if i ask your name ?
exercise is the best way to get rid of stress .
free time is at a premium for working parents .
get up at once , or you will miss the 7:00 bus .
give me the money you owe me and i'll be gone .
go and get a chair from the next room , please .
going out in this rain is out of the question .
have you already spent the money tom gave you ?
have you ever read a book written about japan ?
have you ever seen a snake swallowing a mouse ?
he can speak not only english but also french .
he could not stand being kept waiting so long .
he couldn't wait to try out his new surfboard .
he didn't hesitate to tell his wife the truth .
he didn't know what to do with the extra food .
he doesn't want to say how much the gift cost .
he faked his death and assumed a new identity .
he fetched a few cushions to prop up her head .
he gave no explanation why he had been absent .
he glanced at her with no sign of recognition .
he got into the habit of smoking in his youth .
he had done his homework when i called on him .
he had no money and so could not buy any food .
he is always a step or two ahead of the times .
he is not always in the office in the morning .
he is not the sort of guy who gives in easily .
he lived on crackers and water for three days .
he made an effort to get to the station early .
he never fails to give her a birthday present .
he opened the window to let in some fresh air .
he played the guitar and she played the piano .
he reached across the table and shook my hand .
he said to her under his breath , i love you .
he screwed up his courage and proposed to her .
he seldom does anything he really hates to do .
he selected a pair of socks to match his suit .
he sent his son to an english boarding school .
he showed courage in the face of great danger .
he spends his evenings in front of his laptop .
he told us he had gone through many hardships .
he took a taxi in order not to miss the train .
he was a famous poet and a competent diplomat .
he was absent from school because he was sick .
he was banished to an island for high treason .
he was eager to return to school in september .
he was my student . now he teaches my children .
he was never to see his wife and family again .
he was sitting there with a pipe in his mouth .
he was stupid enough to believe what she said .
he was very scared when he saw this big snake .
he was very tall , so i recognized him at once .
he went to london , where he stayed for a week .
he went to see her while she stayed in london .
he went to the post office to mail the letter .
he will be angry to learn that she told a lie .
he will have left here by the time you return .
her ability to write with her foot is amazing .
her new husband turned out to be a bad person .
her office is on the other side of the street .
his absence gave birth to all sorts of rumors .
his aunt takes care of his dog during the day .
his family and his doctor urged him not to go .
his income is too small to support his family .
his new novel is based on his own experiences .
his remark has nothing to do with the subject .
how can i extract the audio from a video clip ?
how did you know tom wouldn't show up on time ?
how many songs did tom and mary sing together ?
how much do you think i can get for my kidney ?
how would you feel if someone did that to you ?
hurry up , and you will be in time for the bus .
i advise you never to live beyond your income .
i always have to wear a tie because of my job .
i always wear a helmet when i ride my bicycle .
i am only too glad to help you with your work .
i am surprised by a lot of the things he does .
i am tired of hearing the same thing so often .
i apologize for coming by at such a late hour .
i asked tom if i could talk to him in private .
i asked her to make four copies of the letter .
i ate a large pizza with a friend an hour ago .
i blame myself for a lot of what has happened .
i bought a backpack at the army surplus store .
i bought a bottle of beer at the liquor store .
i bought the novel on which the film is based .
i came here to warn you that you're in danger .
i can easily give up chocolate to lose weight .
i can pick you up from work if you want me to .
i can spot a bleached blonde from a mile away .
i can't bear the thought of being without you .
i can't believe i finally managed to meet you .
i can't believe i'm talking to you about this .
i can't figure out how to get the window open .
i can't figure out the answer to this problem .
i can't go to the beach with you this weekend .
i can't go to the restaurant with you tonight .
i can't help but think we're making a mistake .
i can't help you unless you tell me the truth .
i can't promise anything , but i'll do my best .
i can't remember the last time i spoke to you .
i can't understand her way of thinking at all .
i can't understand why tom refused to help us .
i checked the door to make sure it was locked .
i could feel the sweat trickling down my back .
i could never sing a song like that in public .
i couldn't bring myself to tell her the truth .
i decided to take his side against the others .
i didn't expect her to ask me such a question .
i didn't have the heart to tell him the truth .
i didn't know what else to do , so i just left .
i didn't sleep a wink because of your snoring .
i don't believe the child came to tokyo alone .
i don't care who pays , as long as it isn't me .
i don't feel like going to the movies tonight .
i don't go to the movies as often as i'd like .
i don't have time to deal with this right now .
i don't know how to pronounce tom's last name .
i don't know what i would've done without you .
i don't know whether the story is true or not .
i don't know why they hate each other so much .
i don't like talking about this kind of thing .
i don't need to know why tom wants to do that .
i don't think i can do this without your help .
i don't think i deserved the punishment i got .
i don't think i realized how much i loved you .
i don't think i want to study french with you .
i don't think mary is as pretty as her sister .
i don't think tom can deal with the situation .
i don't think tom did his homework by himself .
i don't think tom knows i hardly ever do that .
i don't think tom would make a very good boss .
i don't think anyone really knows the real me .
i don't think that i can answer that question .
i don't think you realize how much i miss you .
i don't think your seeing him is good for you .
i don't want to be the one who has to do that .
i don't want to cause anyone any more trouble .
i don't want to go , and besides it's too late .
i don't want to hear anything more about that .
i don't want to start anything i can't finish .
i fear this work will take up most of my time .
i figured it was better not to go without you .
i finally found a place where we can be alone .
i finally found out what was wrong with my tv .
i finally talked her into lending me the book .
i find it strange that she hasn't arrived yet .
i found that he was turned over to the police .
i found what i was looking for in the drawers .
i gathered from this letter that he was angry .
i got out of the bathtub and dried myself off .
i got several bites , but couldn't hook a fish .
i got up early in order to attend the meeting .
i groped around in the dark for my flashlight .
i had never seen so many squirrels in my life .
i had no idea that you were so good at french .
i had to make a list of things i needed to do .
i had to wait twenty minutes for the next bus .
i had to walk there because my car broke down .
i had too much to drink and i can barely walk .
i have a feeling you'll be a very good lawyer .
i have a friend coming over to visit tomorrow .
i have about three times as many books as tom .
i have doubts about the success of their plan .
i have no will power when it comes to dieting .
i have only three hundred dollars in the bank .
i have to be home tonight before it gets dark .
i have to do my homework instead of going out .
i have to go to the airport to meet my family .
i haven't yet done what you've asked me to do .
i help my mother with the housework every day .
i just did what i thought you'd want me to do .
i just don't want to see you get disappointed .
i just need a few hours to finish this report .
i just wanted to get here as fast as possible .
i just wanted to make sure everyone was awake .
i know tom might want to learn how to do that .
i know better than to be believe such a rumor .
i know plenty of guys want to go out with you .
i know that i don't want to be married to you .
i know that i haven't been a very good father .
i know the reason why tom was angry with them .
i know which of the two girls you like better .
i know you're busy , but i could use some help .
i know you've got more important things to do .
i learned on the job , just like everyone else .
i make it a rule to take a walk every morning .
i may not be able to cope with those problems .
i met her by chance at a restaurant yesterday .
i myself didn't have to go and meet him there .
i need to look that word up in the dictionary .
i never got good grades in junior high school .
i never see you without thinking of my father .
i no longer wish to be a part of this project .
i often spend my free time listening to music .
i often think about the place where i met you .
i once saw a man walk barefoot over hot coals .
i parked on the street in front of your house .
i pay 30 euros for every visit to the dentist .
i promise you i won't do anything to harm you .
i put on my mask every time i leave the house .
i ran as fast as i could to catch up with her .
i ran into an old friend of mine this morning .
i really don't want anything to eat right now .
i regret not having studied hard for the test .
i saw a movie for the first time in two years .
i saw a young couple cuddling on a park bench .
i shudder at the thought of what might happen .
i shut the door so that they couldn't hear us .
i sometimes suffer from pain in my lower back .
i spend at least three hours a day doing that .
i spent the whole week working on that report .
i spoke loudly so that everyone could hear me .
i still can't remember what tom told me to do .
i suppose i'd do the same thing if i were you .
i suspect tom knows why mary doesn't like him .
i think i understand what tom's trying to say .
i think i'll stay here for a few more minutes .
i think i'm really in love for the first time .
i think forgiving people is good for the soul .
i think he is the greatest artist of the time .
i think it's time for me to abandon that idea .
i think it's time for me to abandon that plan .
i think it's time for me to clean the chimney .
i think it's time for me to sharpen my pencil .
i think it's time for me to turn on the radio .
i think that i should organize a little party .
i think we can do this without any extra help .
i think you didn't watch the video to the end .
i thought that that was the right thing to do .
i thought you said you didn't like to do that .
i thought your dad took away your credit card .
i told tom that what he was doing was illegal .
i told you that you weren't supposed to do it .
i tried the cake , but it was too sweet for me .
i tried to call him up , but the line was busy .
i tried to tell tom , but he refused to listen .
i want tom to come to australia for christmas .
i want the money you owe me and i want it now .
i want to know the truth about my son's death .
i want to leave this city and never come back .
i want to see you in my office this afternoon .
i want you to explain it to me in more detail .
i want you to hold this while i open the door .
i want you to know that tom's important to me .
i want you to know what's true and what's not .
i wanted you to see that i'm not all that bad .
i was able to find the book i was looking for .
i was about to leave my house when she called .
i was asked to show my passport at the border .
i was very tired , so i fell asleep right away .
i went to vienna for the first time last year .
i went to the hospital to have my eyes tested .
i went to the kitchen to get something to eat .
i will look after your cat while you are away .
i will tell him the news as soon as i see him .
i wish i could spend more time with my family .
i wish i had the will power to stay on a diet .
i wish you hadn't told the story to my mother .
i wonder if tom can figure out how to do that .
i wonder where to hang the picture he gave me .
i'd be willing to do anything to get that job .
i'll always remember the first time i saw tom .
i'll be back in time for my mother's birthday .
i'll be with you as soon as i finish this job .
i'll be working on my report all day tomorrow .
i'll buy whatever tom wants me to buy for him .
i'll call you back when i get to the bus stop .
i'll help you after work if i'm not too tired .
i'll help you within the limits of my ability .
i'll rely on my father for half of my tuition .
i'll try not to take up too much of your time .
i'm a little out of touch with new technology .
i'm afraid i can't finish this report on time .
i'm asking you to do this because i trust you .
i'm confident that there won't be a world war .
i'm going to install solar panels on my house .
i'm not allowed to tell what you want to know .
i'm not going to stay if you don't want me to .
i'm not sure why tom didn't want to meet mary .
i'm not the guy you want making this decision .
i'm not the only one who thinks you're stupid .
i'm not the same fool i was fifteen years ago .
i'm not very good at making pizza , but tom is .
i'm out of breath after running up the stairs .
i'm sorry that i couldn't write to you sooner .
i'm sorry , i don't let in people i don't know .
i'm sorry , but i don't speak french very well .
i'm sorry , but my mother is out at the moment .
i'm starting to think you enjoy being with me .
i'm sure i can find something for you to wear .
i'm sure a lot of people would agree with you .
i'm sure my parents won't let me go by myself .
i'm too tired to think about this problem now .
i'm trying to find a lawyer to handle my case .
i'm visiting a friend of mine in the hospital .
i've always wanted to learn to play the drums .
i've been bitten by mosquitos all over my arm .
i've been drinking , so i can't drive you home .
i've bought some cream puffs . do you want one ?
i've got a great idea for a christmas present .
i've learned to live with the pain in my back .
i've never been so embarrassed in all my life .
i've never seen a yellow submarine in my life .
i've never wanted anything so much in my life .
i've told you a thousand times not to do that .
if i were you , i wouldn't pitch my tent there .
if i'd had enough money , i could've bought it .
if anything happens here , can i depend on you ?
if the car is gone , he can't be at the office .
if the phone rings again , i plan to ignore it .
if you do your best , you're likely to succeed .
if you don't plant the seeds , they won't grow .
if you don't trust them , they won't trust you .
if you don't want me to stay here , i'll leave .
if you don't want to do it , you don't have to .
if you find a mistake , please leave a comment .
if you get hungry , there's food in the fridge .
if you go near a camel , you risk being bitten .
if you loan me money , i'll be grateful to you .
if you want one , you'll have to find your own .
if you wear that , you're going to look stupid .
if your tooth hurts , you should see a dentist .
in fact , the opposite is more likely to occur .
in other words , i don't like to work with him .
instead of going to school , he stayed at home .
is it ok if i ask you a few medical questions ?
is it possible to land a plane on this island ?
is it true that chicken soup will cure a cold ?
is it true you're going to study in australia ?
is there a clause in the lease regarding that ?
is there anyone who doesn't have one of these ?
is there something in the fridge we can drink ?
is this the reason you didn't want me to come ?
it is dangerous for you to swim in this river .
it is important for old people to stay strong .
it is like looking for a needle in a haystack .
it is no use blaming him for the accident now .
it is not too much to say that he is a genius .
it is strange that she should do such a thing .
it is too difficult a problem for me to solve .
it is true that he is young , but he is clever .
it is useless to try to persuade him to agree .
it is very hard to live up to your reputation .
it looks like we're in for some nasty weather .
it never occurred to me that i might be fired .
it never occurred to me that i might be wrong .
it seems a cruel thing to clip a bird's wings .
it seems like we're going to be a little late .
it seems that she is not pleased with the job .
it started raining just as i was leaving home .
it takes about 15 minutes to get to my office .
it took me an hour to learn the poem by heart .
it took ten years to build the amusement park .
it took three hours for us to paint the fence .
it was careless of him to make such a mistake .
it was not long before we met again by chance .
it was so quiet you could've heard a pin drop .
it won't be long before my husband comes back .
it would take at least three hours to do that .
it'll be easy to find a renter for this house .
it's a nice day and i feel like taking a walk .
it's a secret . you can't let anyone else know .
it's difficult to balance a ball on your nose .
it's difficult to put a price on a human life .
it's hard to support a family on minimum wage .
it's next to impossible to finish it in a day .
it's not healthy to stay in your room all day .
it's not what he said , but the way he said it .
it's one of the best books i've read in years .
it's one of the dumbest things i've ever done .
it's quite clear to me that this is the truth .
it's time you went to bed . turn off the radio .
it's up to you to decide whether or not to go .
japanese love to soak in a hot tub before bed .
jazz fusion is a combination of rock and jazz .
just pull the door shut . it'll lock by itself .
keep your door locked and don't let anyone in .
last year saw a big political change in japan .
lend me the binoculars so i can see it better .
let's just hope we don't have to use our guns .
let's list all the reasons we need to do this .
let's not waste any more of each other's time .
logic is the beginning of wisdom , not the end .
look out for pedestrians when you drive a car .
make sure you cut the board against the grain .
mary is one of the richest women in the world .
mary opened her purse and looked around in it .
may this day be the happiest day in your life .
maybe tom didn't do what everyone says he did .
most employees expect a pay raise once a year .
most people only want to hear their own truth .
my computer crashed and now it won't start up .
my dream is to live peacefully in the village .
my father and my brother work in this factory .
my father banks part of his salary every week .
my father is too stubborn to admit his faults .
my father is two years younger than my mother .
my father tried to teach us the value of work .
my father used to read books to me at bedtime .
my friend asked me if i was feeling all right .
my friends dropped by to see me the other day .
my mom yells at me all the time for no reason .
my mother goes to the hospital in the morning .
my new job leaves me little time to socialize .
my parents didn't allow me to go to the party .
my sister isn't a good cook , and neither am i .
my wife holds the purse strings in our family .
never did i expect to see her in such a place .
never rub your eyes when your hands are dirty .
no matter what i do , she says i can do better .
oats have long been food for horses and mules .
on hearing the bad news , she burst into tears .
one of the items on your wish list is on sale .
our world is only a tiny part of the universe .
people who wait on you here are very friendly .
please be quiet . i'm trying to get some sleep .
please just tell me what it is you want to do .
please pick me up at the hotel at six o'clock .
put the knives and forks back in the cupboard .
science can be used for good or evil purposes .
she acted as if she didn't care what happened .
she came downstairs with a letter in her hand .
she came very near to being run over by a car .
she cremated him within 24 hours of his death .
she does not speak english as fluently as you .
she dog-eared the page and set the book aside .
she expected him to buy her an expensive gift .
she failed in her attempt to swim the channel .
she is busy at present and can't speak to you .
she is different from her sister in every way .
she is no less charming than her older sister .
she is now better off than when she was young .
she isn't old enough to get a driving license .
she kissed me on the cheek and said goodnight .
she knew better than to tell him such a story .
she lost her only son in the traffic accident .
she loved me in the same way that i loved her .
she said , i owe it to him that i am popular .
she sat there silently with tears in her eyes .
she seems to be nervous about her first class .
she sent me a present in return for my advice .
she spends a lot of time practicing the piano .
she spends a major part of her income on food .
she talked him into buying her a diamond ring .
she took her dog to the park before breakfast .
she volunteered to go to the meeting with him .
she waited and waited , but he never came back .
she was advised by him on how to stay healthy .
she was born with a silver spoon in her mouth .
she was determined never to talk to him again .
she was supposed to attend the party with him .
she went from place to place in search of him .
she went outside to get a breath of fresh air .
she will write another book one of these days .
she wrote to her parents at least once a week .
show me what you have hidden behind your back .
since my mother was sick , i couldn't go there .
since you did the cooking , i'll do the dishes .
someone should put that dog out of its misery .
soon nobody will have anything to do with you .
take care not to fall down and skin your knee .
take lots of vitamin c to avoid catching cold .
take your time . we have all afternoon to shop .
tell tom i don't know where he parked his car .
tell tom that he needs to wear a tie tomorrow .
that can't be mary . she's in the hospital now .
that country is about twice as large as japan .
that jacket must've cost you an arm and a leg .
that still leaves us with the question of why .
that's a filthy job and i don't want to do it .
the sahara is the largest desert in the world .
the actress made her debut when she was eight .
the air is bad here . will you open the window ?
the ball hit him on the left side of the head .
the bank reassured us that our money was safe .
the bartender told me you were a regular here .
the boy dug a grave for his dog that had died .
the boy next door fell head first from a tree .
the boy threw a paper airplane at the teacher .
the branch broke under the weight of the snow .
the children built a sand castle on the beach .
the cuffs of his suit jacket are badly frayed .
the death of my grandmother was a great shock .
the first thing you have to do is take a bath .
the first time , she wasn't very firm with him .
the food supplies will not hold out till then .
the girl wearing the blue coat is my daughter .
the hiker has reached the top of the mountain .
the house with a red roof is my uncle's house .
the ice isn't thick enough to hold our weight .
the lion is often used as a symbol of courage .
the man who lives next door to me is a doctor .
the man you see over there is a famous writer .
the match was cancelled due to the heavy rain .
the more books you read , the more you'll know .
the most common name in the world is mohammed .
the new president was a warm and friendly man .
the old don't always know more than the young .
the only thing we have to fear is fear itself .
the pain was so intense that i couldn't sleep .
the police roped off the street near the spot .
the police went over every inch of this place .
the potato was so hot that it burned my mouth .
the river is shallow here . we can walk across .
the roses that you gave me are very beautiful .
the shopkeeper went out of her way to help us .
the situation is a lot worse than we imagined .
the sooner we start , the sooner we'll be done .
the stars seem dim because of the city lights .
the store can supply us with anything we need .
the storm had a serious effect on the economy .
the waiting room was hot and there was no fan .
the windows were already open when i got here .
the worst part is , it wasn't always like this .
the young man put out his hand and i shook it .
there are a few magazines on the coffee table .
there are a lot of different people in europe .
there are a lot of good restaurants in boston .
there are a lot of people in the waiting room .
there are a lot of tall buildings in new york .
there are lots of things i want to talk about .
there are more girls than boys in this school .
there are so many stories i've never told you .
there are too many of us to fit into one taxi .
there are two slices of pizza for each person .
there are various kinds of candy in that bowl .
there is an urgent need for good legal advice .
there is enough here to feed the whole family .
there is little , if any , hope of his recovery .
there must be a more efficient way to do this .
there was a sign saying , keep off the grass .
there was an accident on the side of the road .
there were a lot of men among the inhabitants .
there were a lot of young couples in the park .
there were four pieces of cheese on the table .
there were more than fifty girls at the party .
there were no more than two books on the desk .
there were no railroads at that time in japan .
there were stacks of books all over the floor .
there's a spring in the center of the village .
there's not much sugar left in the sugar bowl .
these are my brother and sister , tom and mary .
these oil fields have only begun to be tapped .
they caught him playing a trick on his sister .
they had been thinking about it for some time .
they had no money to buy concert tickets with .
they have solved the problem once and for all .
they have to fix the water pipe . it's clogged .
they killed a goat as a sacrifice to the gods .
they shook hands when they met at the airport .
they went on a trip abroad for the first time .
they were walking along the street arm in arm .
this bad weather is more than i bargained for .
this book is easy enough for children to read .
this camel is so tame that anyone can ride it .
this car was so cheap that he could afford it .
this desk is different from the one i ordered .
this flower is yellow and the others are blue .
this is the kind of music that i really enjoy .
this is the last place i want to be right now .
this is the last time i'm going to remind you .
this is the palace the king and queen live in .
this is the place where the battle took place .
this is the same type of car as my father has .
this is the same watch that i lost a week ago .
this is true of adults as well as of children .
this is way better than what you wrote before .
this lake is among the deepest in the country .
this party is kind of boring , don't you think ?
this sort of music is not to everyone's taste .
three years have gone by since we got married .
to our surprise , she has gone to brazil alone .
to tell the truth , i don't like her very much .
today i got to meet my new philosophy teacher .
tom and mary are both pretty shy , aren't they ?
tom and mary bought john a bike for christmas .
tom and mary built a sand castle on the beach .
tom and mary dated each other for three years .
tom and mary don't like the same kind of food .
tom and mary don't really have much in common .
tom and mary don't seem so sure of themselves .
tom and mary left the office together at 2:30 .
tom and mary looked at each other and laughed .
tom and mary volunteered to clean up the park .
tom asked mary if he could borrow her bicycle .
tom bent down and picked up a handful of sand .
tom came back home just in time for christmas .
tom climbed into bed and turned off the light .
tom couldn't forget mary even if he wanted to .
tom didn't drink the milk mary poured for him .
tom didn't get up as early as he usually does .
tom doesn't have what it takes to be a leader .
tom doesn't yet know whether he can go or not .
tom drank the whole bottle of wine by himself .
tom dropped by mary's house just to say hello .
tom found a hundred dollar bill on the street .
tom grew up in a small town not far from here .
tom had no idea that mary was a serial killer .
tom has been talking on the phone for an hour .
tom has contributed a lot of money to charity .
tom hasn't been back to boston in a long time .
tom hasn't eaten a decent meal in a long time .
tom is an old friend of mine from high school .
tom is in prison for a crime he didn't commit .
tom is just a little bit shorter than mary is .
tom is the boy i told you about the other day .
tom is the most intelligent guy i've ever met .
tom is the one who broke the window yesterday .
tom is the only boy who doesn't like football .
tom isn't going to get away with it this time .
tom isn't here yet . he must've missed the bus .
tom isn't sure he's ready to perform on stage .
tom knew it was wrong to do what he was doing .
tom made quite a lot of money in his twenties .
tom may want to go to australia for christmas .
tom might've fooled you , but he won't fool me .
tom opened the door and held it open for mary .
tom said he didn't feel like doing that today .
tom said he didn't know how to swim very well .
tom said he may go to australia for christmas .
tom said he'd be willing to try anything once .
tom sat at the end of the bar , nursing a beer .
tom seems to be about to ask another question .
tom takes a bath every day just before dinner .
tom tasted the soup and said it was delicious .
tom thinks that nothing bad can happen to him .
tom wanted to get out of bed , but he couldn't .
tom wanted to spend more time with his family .
tom wants to know what's going to happen next .
tom was able to do everything he wanted to do .
tom was fatter three years ago than he is now .
tom was in almost every photo in mary's album .
tom was worried his cat would never come back .
tom will spend the rest of his life in prison .
tom wondered if mary was as nervous as he was .
tom would just like to know what he did wrong .
tom , mary , john and alice sat around the fire .
tom , how old were you when you left australia ?
try to find out if everything he said is true .
unfortunately , tom let the cat out of the bag .
walking along the street , i met an old friend .
was it you that left the door open last night ?
we can't live even one more day without water .
we did not help him , so he made it by himself .
we don't want to leave the house before three .
we have a lot of english books in the library .
we have a new puppy . he is about 12 weeks old .
we have a new student joining our class today .
we have far better things to do with our time .
we have no choice . i guess we'll have to walk .
we have not received a letter from him so far .
we haven't seen each other since we were kids .
we managed to get it back without her knowing .
we ran out of gas in the middle of the desert .
we really hope another war will not break out .
we should ask tom what he thinks we should do .
we stayed at the most expensive hotel in town .
we were so excited that we couldn't sit still .
we were told by him to leave the room at once .
we've been trying to reach tom for three days .
we've got to put a stop to this kind of stuff .
were both tom and mary in australia last week ?
what i really want to do is to get some sleep .
what are some good foods to eat with potatoes ?
what are you so nervous about all of a sudden ?
what color was the phlegm that you coughed up ?
what do nurses spend most of their time doing ?
what do you say to going out for a short walk ?
what if someone killed tom ? what would you do ?
what is the most beautiful thing in the world ?
what kind of food do you eat on christmas day ?
what makes you think i won't be able to do it ?
what person does everyone take off his hat to ?
what time does the next train leave for tokyo ?
what time is your plane scheduled to take off ?
what would you do if tom asked you to do that ?
what you said makes absolutely no sense to me .
what's the fastest way to get there from here ?
when i got there , there was no more cake left .
when i tripped , i had trouble getting back up .
when i was a child , i believed in santa claus .
when did you decide not to go into the office ?
when is the last time you wrote a love letter ?
when was the first time that you played poker ?
when was the last time that you went to a zoo ?
when was the last time you ate lunch with tom ?
when was the last time you brushed your teeth ?
when was the last time you saw your boyfriend ?
when was the last time you slept in this room ?
when was the last time you watered the garden ?
when we landed , we saw our friend on the pier .
when you turn left you'll see the post office .
where did you get the money to buy that dress ?
where were you when i really needed your help ?
while i was swimming , i got a cramp in my leg .
who can afford to buy such an expensive house ?
who do you think is familiar with this matter ?
who do you think is the best coach in the nfl ?
who knows more about you than your own mother ?
who was the woman you were with the other day ?
who'll look after your cat while you are away ?
who's the person who was just speaking to you ?
why does it take you so long to make your bed ?
why don't we take some time to think about it ?
why don't you just ask your parents for money ?
why would you ever want to do a job like that ?
will i get to the station if i take this road ?
will you pick me up at seven tomorrow morning ?
will you tell him about it when he comes home ?
world war one had ended just 15 years earlier .
would it be ok if i discussed it with my wife ?
would it be ok if i took a vacation next week ?
would you be willing to write a letter for me ?
would you buy one if it were a little cheaper ?
would you have time to fix this flat tire now ?
would you kindly make room for this old woman ?
would you please tell this gentleman who i am ?
yes , i'm the person who called you last night .
you can be pretty helpful when you want to be .
you can borrow a copy from any public library .
you can set the white of an egg by boiling it .
you can sleep here for a while if you want to .
you can stay in the extra bedroom if you want .
you can't be too careful when you drive a car .
you could do a lot if you put your mind to it .
you didn't have to come into the office today .
you don't expect me to face tom alone , do you ?
you don't have to answer if you don't want to .
you don't seem to realize how serious this is .
you have to go the rest of the way without me .
you may give this picture to whoever wants it .
you must come every six months for a check-up .
you must see to it that the cakes do not burn .
you need to look busy when the boss is around .
you should cut up your meat before you eat it .
you should do that while you're still able to .
you should've let tom do what he wanted to do .
you shouldn't use the word gay as an insult .
you took the cookies out of the oven too soon .
you want me to wash my hands first , don't you ?
you were here just the other day , weren't you ?
you'll be all right again in a couple of days .
you'll need this key to get into the building .
you're going to be late if you don't hurry up .
you're just not the person i thought you were .
you're the last person i expected to see here .
you're the only person i know that owns a gun .
you're the only person i know who can help me .
you're too young to know what a slide rule is .
you're welcome to come with us if you want to .
you've got my sunglasses and i want them back .
you've got no alibi for the day of the murder .
a rolling stone gathers no moss is a proverb .
do you have anything to do ? no , not really .
do you mind opening the window ? not at all .
how many boys do you have ? i only have one .
i'm looking for a guy . i'm a guy , aren't i ?
please put this on the top . on top of what ?
this is enough , isn't it ? yeah , i guess so .
tom will probably be late . i think so , too .
where are your books ? they are on the desk .
a bat flying in the sky looks like a butterfly .
a beautiful salesgirl waited on me in the shop .
a cheetah can run as fast as 70 miles per hour .
a fire broke out in my neighborhood last night .
a fire broke out in the supermarket last night .
a friend of mine came to see me during the day .
a friend of mine came to visit me at my office .
a good lie is easier to believe than the truth .
a good teacher must be patient with his pupils .
a local family has offered you a place to stay .
a lot of people are dealing with hay fever now .
a lot of people didn't like what we were doing .
a loud noise jolted me awake from a deep sleep .
a lunar month is shorter than a calendar month .
a man came in and sat on the stool next to her .
a man of wealth has to pay a lot of income tax .
a man who breaks his promises can't be trusted .
a silhouette of a girl appeared on the curtain .
a strange sound was heard from behind the door .
a team is only as strong as its weakest member .
a truck was standing in the middle of the road .
about one third of the earth's surface is land .
all of my friends got asked to dance except me .
all the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs .
all the people who go to church believe in god .
all we can do is wait for the police to arrive .
all you have to do is apologize for being late .
all you have to do is to hand this book to him .
although her house is nearby , i seldom see her .
an insurgency led by maoists broke out in 1996 .
an uncle is the brother of one of your parents .
any song sung in french puts me in a sexy mood .
are you sure this is what tom wanted us to buy ?
are you telling me tom doesn't do that anymore ?
as a rule , i go to school before eight o'clock .
as far as i'm concerned , things are going well .
as for me , there is nothing more i want to say .
as he entered the hall , two men approached him .
as soon as i can afford to buy a house , i will .
at a glance , he knew that the child was hungry .
at any rate , he was satisfied with the results .
at last , spring has come to this part of japan .
at the end of the speech she repeated the word .
between you and me , i think our boss is stupid .
books are to the mind what food is to the body .
can you get it done before the end of the week ?
can you please tell me where the restaurant is ?
can you save enough money for the down payment ?
can you tell me where the nearest pay phone is ?
corn is an important crop in the united states .
did you enjoy yourself at the party last night ?
do you feel like you want to hurt yourself now ?
do you get short of breath easily when walking ?
do you have something else more pressing to do ?
do you know any good places to eat around here ?
do you mind if i ask you a couple of questions ?
do you really want to go to the party with tom ?
do you remember the day this picture was taken ?
do you think it's worthwhile ? i don't think so .
do you think that you would enjoy being famous ?
do you want me to tell you exactly what i felt ?
does this mean that we have to file bankruptcy ?
doing that sort of thing makes you look stupid .
don't be lulled into a false sense of security .
don't expect me to help you with your homework .
don't forget to buy some bread on the way home .
don't hesitate to tell me if you need anything .
don't interrupt me ! can't you see i am talking ?
don't put the glass near the edge of the table .
don't worry , i won't turn you in to the police .
don't worry . i told you everything would be ok .
don't you know it's rude to ask a lady her age ?
don't you think that tom looks like an old man ?
don't you think we should do something to help ?
draft beer tastes especially good on a hot day .
during the day , we work , and at night , we rest .
even if i were rich , i wouldn't give him money .
even though i looked for it , i did not find it .
even though it's small , it's still a great car .
every boy and girl is taught to read and write .
every room in my house has two or more windows .
every time i read the bible , i am deeply moved .
everybody in the room let out a sigh of relief .
everyone in school would hate me if i did that .
go wake tom up and tell him breakfast is ready .
goodbye . i'll see you at the time we agreed on .
harajuku is one of the hottest places in tokyo .
have you still not finished paying for my bike ?
he admitted that he wanted to escape from here .
he asked me some questions about the math test .
he brought me coffee , when i had asked for tea .
he can speak both english and french very well .
he comes into contact with all kinds of people .
he complains of not having enough time to read .
he decided to give up smoking once and for all .
he didn't have time to spend with his children .
he drove over a land mine and his jeep blew up .
he explained his plan both to my son and to me .
he had a traffic accident on his way to school .
he had his brother help him with the gardening .
he had the nerve to take my car without asking .
he is so careless that he often makes mistakes .
he is strange , and i don't like strange people .
he is twelve years old . he is tall for his age .
he is unmarried and has no brothers or sisters .
he is very nice . he never speaks ill of others .
he is very slow at making friends with anybody .
he isn't back yet . he may have had an accident .
he kept the invaders at bay with a machine gun .
he knows quite well what it is like to be poor .
he left the mexican capital to return to texas .
he lied to me . that is why i am angry with him .
he lives in a posh apartment near central park .
he looked like a deer caught in the headlights .
he lost almost all the stamps he had collected .
he peeked inside , afraid of what he would find .
he ran the risk of being caught and imprisoned .
he rescued the dog at the risk of his own life .
he said he had come to japan the previous week .
he said his father was ill , but that was a lie .
he should have the right to decide for himself .
he stayed at home all day instead of going out .
he suggested that i accompany him to the party .
he told me that he would visit nara next month .
he took the job without giving it much thought .
he tried in vain to pull the wool over my eyes .
he tried to solve the problem , but had no luck .
he was a frenchman . i could tell by his accent .
he was delighted to know i had passed the exam .
he was taken care of by a certain young doctor .
he was the first man i interviewed for the job .
he will commit suicide if he can't see his son .
he witnessed the accident on his way to school .
he won the first prize at the chess tournament .
he won't talk to her and she won't talk to him .
he writes to me less and less often these days .
her behavior at the party was far from perfect .
her hair was so long that it reached the floor .
her only wish was to see her son one last time .
her voice could hardly be heard over the noise .
his camera is three times as expensive as mine .
his high salary enabled him to live in comfort .
his name is known to everybody in this country .
his niece is attractive and mature for her age .
his only wish was to see his son one last time .
his weight is double what it was ten years ago .
how about eating out this evening for a change ?
how can you tell good english from bad english ?
how dare you talk that way in front of my wife !
how did you wind up in that abandoned building ?
how do you think you'd look wearing that dress ?
how do you train a dog not to tug on its leash ?
how far can you stick your finger up your nose ?
how is it that you're always so full of energy ?
how long did it take tom to build the doghouse ?
how long does it take from here to the station ?
how long does it take to get to vienna on foot ?
how long will it take me to finish my homework ?
how many christmas cards did you get last year ?
how many times a year do you go to the dentist ?
i already told you , i'm not the one who did it .
i always list what i need before i go shopping .
i apologize for any problems i may have caused .
i asked the villagers many times to let me die .
i began to doubt the accuracy of his statement .
i bet you don't remember the first time we met .
i bought this book for myself , not for my wife .
i called your office today , but you weren't in .
i came upon an old friend of mine on the train .
i can fall back on my savings if i lose my job .
i can remember when you were just a little boy .
i can't believe i didn't think of that earlier .
i can't believe you're talking to me like this .
i can't do anything until this project is done .
i can't figure out how to operate this machine .
i can't give you any more details at this time .
i can't help but laugh when i think about that .
i can't help it if girls want to flirt with me .
i can't help thinking my father is still alive .
i can't kiss you the way you want to be kissed .
i can't prove it , but i'm sure he was murdered .
i can't say that's the result i was hoping for .
i can't see in because the curtains are closed .
i can't tell you exactly how long it will take .
i can't tell you how long i've waited for this .
i can't thank you enough for all your kindness .
i can't think of anything that i'd like better .
i checked into a hotel and went right to sleep .
i couldn't have done it without you . thank you .
i didn't eat the cake , because i wasn't hungry .
i didn't even know that my car had been stolen .
i didn't expect you to say something like that .
i didn't know you still had friends at the irs .
i didn't quite catch the name of that designer .
i didn't tell anyone what time i'd be arriving .
i don't believe that black cats cause bad luck .
i don't even know if i want to do this anymore .
i don't have a brother , but i have two sisters .
i don't have enough money to buy a new bicycle .
i don't have the faintest clue what this means .
i don't know how much money tom and mary spend .
i don't know how you can believe such nonsense .
i don't know if i should accept the job or not .
i don't know if we're going to make it on time .
i don't know when it happened , but it happened .
i don't like doing that , but i'll do it anyway .
i don't need your money . i just need your time .
i don't plan to vote in the upcoming elections .
i don't see any reason why i have to apologize .
i don't see eye to eye with him on that matter .
i don't see why tom wanted me to be here today .
i don't think tom has as much patience as i do .
i don't think it's necessary for us to do that .
i don't think we should see each other anymore .
i don't think we should take that kind of risk .
i don't want an apology . i want an explanation .
i don't want to spend the rest of my life here .
i don't want to stick my nose in your business .
i drink so much coffee that i don't sleep well .
i feel cold . would you shut the window , please ?
i figured a change of scenery might do us good .
i folded my shirts and put them in my suitcase .
i found it difficult to keep a diary every day .
i found my mother busy ironing out some shirts .
i gathered from his looks he was angry with me .
i got tired of hearing the same thing so often .
i got up early enough to catch the first train .
i had a headache , and i took the day off today .
i had a problem with my car on the way to work .
i had my hair cut at the barber shop yesterday .
i had to sip the coffee because it was too hot .
i hadn't laughed like that in a very long time .
i hate women who say that all men are the same .
i have a friend whose father is a famous actor .
i have a sore throat . do you have a cough drop ?
i have no choice but to eat what they serve me .
i have no idea to what extent i can trust them .
i have to check and see what the contract says .
i have to finish reading that book by tomorrow .
i have to go shopping . i'll be back in an hour .
i haven't had time to look for what you wanted .
i haven't read the final page of the novel yet .
i hit the snooze button and went back to sleep .
i hope it won't be long before i hear from her .
i joined a gym a few years back to lose weight .
i just didn't want you to go there by yourself .
i just think you should be careful , that's all .
i just wish we could leave this horrible place .
i knocked on the door , but there was no answer .
i know i'm not the brightest girl in the world .
i know of him , but i don't know him personally .
i know what you're thinking , but it's not true .
i know what's written on it because i wrote it .
i know your mom doesn't want you to talk to me .
i left home early so i wouldn't miss the train .
i like children . that's why i became a teacher .
i like the smell of bread just out of the oven .
i live here because it's close to where i work .
i lost my passport . i'll have to get a new one .
i must confer with my colleagues on the matter .
i need to finish this work before it gets dark .
i need you to take in the hem by about an inch .
i never for a moment imagined that i would win .
i never see her without thinking of her mother .
i often go swimming at the beach in the summer .
i play guitar with a band every saturday night .
i put the documents you requested on your desk .
i ran as fast as i could , but i missed the bus .
i ran as fast as possible to catch up with him .
i ran to school , but the bell had already rung .
i really wish i could go with you , but i can't .
i remember the horror i felt when she screamed .
i remembered i was late and stepped on the gas .
i sat behind a very tall person at the theater .
i saw a man standing naked under the waterfall .
i saw him go into the toilet a few minutes ago .
i see that you've got yourself a new boyfriend .
i should call the police and have you arrested .
i shouldn't have drunk so much beer last night .
i spoke to the boy who seemed to be the oldest .
i stayed home all day instead of going to work .
i still don't understand what you want from me .
i suggest we take it a little slower this time .
i suppose i've got to get my feet wet sometime .
i suppose that's why you don't like me so much .
i suspect they water down the beer in that pub .
i think i understand what you're trying to say .
i think all three of us will be there tomorrow .
i think it's time for me to ask for directions .
i think it's time for me to ask for his advice .
i think one of us ought to attend that meeting .
i think that you should buy yourself a new car .
i think they should put a heavy tax on imports .
i think this must be the place where tom lives .
i think this tie will go great with that shirt .
i think we're going to have a very strong team .
i thought it was my duty to tell you the truth .
i thought this pair of shoes would last longer .
i thought you said that you'd do that for sure .
i thought you'd want to try some japanese food .
i told tom that he shouldn't go out after dark .
i took my shoes off and put them under the bed .
i tore up all the letters that you wrote to me .
i used a ribbon to tie my hair into a ponytail .
i usually don't have time to eat a large lunch .
i usually eat lunch at 11:30 to avoid the rush .
i want this luggage carried to my room at once .
i want to dedicate all my time to this project .
i want to go outside for a breath of fresh air .
i want to make sure that i don't catch the flu .
i want to thank everyone who helped me do this .
i want you to do something about it right away .
i want you to take back what you said just now .
i want you to tell me everything that happened .
i wanted to know why you didn't come yesterday .
i was bitten by a lot of insects in the forest .
i was just about to go out when the phone rang .
i was just about to go out , when the bell rang .
i was playing a game when i felt an earthquake .
i was told that we have to bring our own water .
i went to boston for 5 days on a business trip .
i went to the theater early to get a good seat .
i will have to get rid of this worn-out carpet .
i wish i had a little more time to finish this .
i wish to apply for a position in your company .
i wish you both all the happiness in the world .
i wish you were wrong , but i know you're right .
i wish you would shut the door when you go out .
i wonder if tom ever took mary up on her offer .
i wonder what tom ate for his christmas dinner .
i would like to sit in the non-smoking section .
i'd have done that myself if i'd had more time .
i'd like to buy a house , but i can't afford to .
i'd like to find out why tom decided not to go .
i'd like to give this to somebody we can trust .
i'd like to have the sauce on the side , please .
i'd like to spend the rest of my life with you .
i'll agree to the terms if you lower the price .
i'll have my sister pick you up at the station .
i'll let you know the results as soon as i can .
i'll look after your affairs when you are dead .
i'll mow the lawn tomorrow if it's not raining .
i'll never forget all the help you've given me .
i'll stay for a while longer if you don't mind .
i'll sweep the floor while you wash the dishes .
i'll use magic on him and turn him into a frog .
i'm afraid i'll be stuck in this place forever .
i'm at the hospital . i got struck by lightning .
i'm glad for this opportunity to work with you .
i'm going to take a bath as soon as i get home .
i'm looking for a bank . is there one near here ?
i'm looking for a present for a friend of mine .
i'm looking for someone who can do that for me .
i'm not a teacher and don't want to become one .
i'm not accustomed to eating this kind of food .
i'm not sure if it's a compliment or an insult .
i'm not used to talking to people i don't know .
i'm not very likely to be fired for doing that .
i'm so drunk now that i'm seeing two keyboards .
i'm so drunk that i can't feel my face anymore .
i'm sorry i'm such a big disappointment to you .
i'm sorry to hear that your father passed away .
i'm sorry . i'll do anything to make this right .
i'm sure that he will take part in the contest .
i'm thinking of visiting you one of these days .
i've been very busy since the new term started .
i've never been so frightened in my whole life .
i've never seen anything like it in my country .
if i had enough money , i could buy this camera .
if i had taken that plane , i would be dead now .
if i were in her place , i wouldn't give up yet .
if i were you , i wouldn't do such a rude thing .
if tom hadn't invited me , i wouldn't have come .
if anyone here can help us , we'd appreciate it .
if by any chance it should rain , he won't come .
if he knew her phone number , he could call her .
if she had married you , she would be happy now .
if you abuse your computer , it won't work well .
if you could do that for me , i'd appreciate it .
if you don't want them here , ask them to leave .
if you don't want to answer , you don't have to .
if you hadn't done it , someone else would have .
if you have a question , please raise your hand .
if you want my help , you'll have to ask for it .
if you want to succeed , you have to try harder .
if you're going to do this , you'd better hurry .
if you're going to kill me , i want to know why .
in a way you're right , but i still have doubts .
in this day and age , not too much surprises me .
is it really possible to do a brain transplant ?
is it true that tom was here all day yesterday ?
is it true that eating bread will make you fat ?
is there also a paperback edition of this book ?
is there anything you want that you don't have ?
is this ladder strong enough to bear my weight ?
is this the first time you've had this symptom ?
it cost me a lot of money to build a new house .
it has always been a pleasure to work with you .
it is a pity that you cannot come to the party .
it is good for us to understand other cultures .
it is human nature to be bugged by such things .
it is impossible to put the plan into practice .
it is necessary that we provide for the future .
it is no accident that she won the first prize .
it is not easy to speak naturally on the radio .
it is not surprising that he was elected mayor .
it is said that smoking is bad for your health .
it is very important to obey the traffic rules .
it looks like tom doesn't really want this job .
it makes no difference whether he comes or not .
it may sound strange , but what he said is true .
it must be nice to have friends in high places .
it requires more courage to suffer than to die .
it seems like you're trying to provoke a fight .
it seems that something is wrong with this car .
it takes tom an hour to drive to work each day .
it takes time to speak a foreign language well .
it took us three hours to come to a conclusion .
it was careless of you to forget your homework .
it was one of the great discoveries in science .
it was one of the worst experiences of my life .
it was such a boring speech that i fell asleep .
it was the bad weather that caused his illness .
it was the best thing that ever happened to me .
it was very kind of you to lend me an umbrella .
it's a lot more fun than i thought it would be .
it's a pity tom isn't able to be with us today .
it's a real shame that tom can't be here today .
it's always cheaper in the end to buy the best .
it's because i was asked to come that i'm here .
it's easy to lose your footing on loose gravel .
it's easy to see the fireworks from over there .
it's hard for him to live on his small pension .
it's hard to tell what's true and what's false .
it's important to eat three square meals a day .
it's not easy writing a love letter in english .
it's not quite as difficult to do as it sounds .
it's okay as long as no one finds out about it .
it's unusual for you to do something like that .
it's up to you to keep things running smoothly .
it's very rude of you to say a thing like that .
juggling is another thing i'm not very good at .
just between you and me , do you love my sister ?
learning a foreign language is a waste of time .
leaves are to plants what lungs are to animals .
let me show you the christmas card tom sent me .
let's get a move on . we've got no time to lose .
let's put this money aside for our summer trip .
mary took out a loan in order to pay her debts .
my aunt lives in a lonely house in the country .
my classmates used to tease me about my accent .
my dad thinks my boyfriend is a real whack job .
my father and mother were sitting under a tree .
my father does nothing but watch tv on sundays .
my father drinks a cup of coffee every morning .
my father is so old that he is hard of hearing .
my father was already at home when i came back .
my friend tom has twice as many stamps as i do .
my heart broke at the sight of the dying birds .
my house is ten minutes' walk from the station .
my mommy and daddy will love me no matter what .
my name is tom and i'll be your server tonight .
my parents pushed me to quit the baseball club .
my sister is thin , but i'm a little overweight .
my uncle lives in madrid , the capital of spain .
never rub your eyes after cutting a hot pepper .
news of the recent blast is all over the radio .
next time you see her , give her my best wishes .
no matter how tired i might be , i have to work .
no matter what you say , i won't change my mind .
no sooner had i gone out than it began to rain .
no sooner had he arrived than the bus departed .
not everyone believed this plan was a good one .
not knowing what to do , i asked for his advice .
oh , i haven't decided what i'm going to do yet .
oh , i'm sorry . i guess i have the wrong number .
on a clear day , you can see mt . fuji from here .
one million people lost their lives in the war .
our car broke down in the middle of the street .
our school is on the other side of the station .
painting is another thing i can do fairly well .
paris is one of the cities i visited last year .
perhaps you should do the same thing i'm doing .
please help me cut up vegetables for the salad .
please lend me the video when you have seen it .
please promise me you'll never lie to me again .
please step back from the edge of the platform .
please turn off the light before you go to bed .
prices are double what they were ten years ago .
prices are double what they were two years ago .
revenues are growing , but not as fast as costs .
she advised him to take better care of himself .
she and i have about the same number of stamps .
she breaks a dish every time she washes dishes .
she buys what she wants regardless of the cost .
she can speak not only english but also french .
she caught hold of my arm so she wouldn't fall .
she combed her hair and bound it with a ribbon .
she could not keep her daughter from going out .
she couldn't convince him to buy her a new car .
she deposited a large sum of money in the bank .
she didn't want him to go out with other women .
she feeds her dog the same thing that she eats .
she gave birth to a pretty baby girl last week .
she had a blue dress on at the party yesterday .
she has a ring worth more than she can imagine .
she is wearing a leather belt around her waist .
she is well known both in japan and in america .
she lost her money , her family and her friends .
she lost sight of her friend in the huge crowd .
she loved both of them and they both loved her .
she set up an association to help blind people .
she spends a lot of money when she goes abroad .
she spent a good deal of money on her vacation .
she started kissing him as soon as he got home .
she stayed up late to finish sewing your dress .
she suggested that i give it to him right away .
she suggested that the customer buy a blue tie .
she talked on and on about her family problems .
she was always ready to help people in trouble .
she was kind enough to take me to the hospital .
she was ready to help him with washing the car .
she went to the market to buy fresh vegetables .
she's not old enough to get a driver's license .
sheep are bred for their fleece and their meat .
since i was all by myself , i felt a bit lonely .
sleep is no less necessary to health than food .
some go to school by bicycle , others go by bus .
some guy named tom said he was looking for you .
some students walk to school . others go by bus .
somebody must break the sad news to her mother .
someday she'll have to pay for what she's done .
something bad's going to happen . i can feel it .
something is wrong with the engine of this car .
spending time with friends on the beach is fun .
strange to say , no one voted for the candidate .
that dog is exactly twice the size of this one .
that story is a famous one that everyone knows .
that student raised his hand to ask a question .
the mona lisa was painted by leonardo da vinci .
the usa is a good market for japanese products .
the area of the factory is 1 , 000 square meters .
the army is in the north to protect the border .
the bakery is located next to the butcher shop .
the baseball game was put off till next sunday .
the bell had already rung when i got to school .
the boy could not find his way out of the maze .
the bus was empty except for one elderly woman .
the cause of death seems to be a gunshot wound .
the cause of his death still remains a mystery .
the cherry blossoms are at their best in april .
the church is on the hill overlooking the city .
the coffee was so hot that i couldn't drink it .
the coup attempt was foiled at the last moment .
the electricity went out , but it's back on now .
the farmer dug a hole so he could plant a tree .
the fire station is next to the police station .
the five of us stood in a circle holding hands .
the game was called off on account of the rain .
the girl was afraid to jump down from the roof .
the guy i lent my umbrella to didn't return it .
the heat of the furnace warmed the whole house .
the hunting dogs followed the scent of the fox .
the lake can be reached in half an hour by bus .
the last batch of cookies is still in the oven .
the last time i saw tom , he was on a stretcher .
the main character dies at the end of the book .
the man couldn't so much as write his own name .
the man reading a paper over there is my uncle .
the movie is now showing at a theater near you .
the new fur coats were displayed in the window .
the new students entered the hall full of hope .
the new tunnel is twice as long as the old one .
the old man freed the little fox from the trap .
the only thing i want to do right now is sleep .
the only thing we could do was to bear with it .
the police ordered the suspect to drop his gun .
the police say they know you had an accomplice .
the poor girl made a living by selling flowers .
the price of vegetables varies from day to day .
the rain didn't stop them from doing their job .
the robber aimed his gun at the police officer .
the ship from new york will arrive before long .
the space race was an exciting time in history .
the sun rises in the east and sets in the west .
the table takes up a lot of space in this room .
the teacher told them not to swim in the river .
the three boys had only two dollars among them .
the train left before i arrived at the station .
the trouble with you is that you talk too much .
the two girls wore the same dress to the dance .
the workers came to ask about their pay raises .
there are a great many forest fires in america .
there are no food stores in the immediate area .
there is a lot of pressure on women to be thin .
there is a nice park in the center of the town .
there is a police car parked outside our house .
there must be some reason for what he has done .
there was a large harvest of peaches last year .
there was a long line at the women's restrooms .
there was a time when reptiles ruled the world .
there was nothing but an old chair in the room .
there wasn't even a speck of dust on the table .
there were a lot of empty seats the day i went .
there were maybe up to a thousand people there .
there were six people at the concert last week .
these grapes are so sour that i can't eat them .
they are no more alike than a cow and a canary .
they buried him in the graveyard by the church .
they gathered at the coffee shop for a meeting .
they saw us as they were getting off the train .
they took a sample of my blood at the hospital .
they were in the right place at the right time .
they were stuck in the elevator for four hours .
this book is so difficult that i can't read it .
this could be construed as an act of terrorism .
this is my first time , so i'm a little nervous .
this is one of the worst movies i've ever seen .
this is the largest temple that i've ever seen .
this is the last call for flight 333 to boston .
this is the reason why i didn't come yesterday .
this is the window which was broken by the boy .
this mall is so big that i can't find the exit .
this morning i missed the train i usually take .
this place hasn't been the same since you left .
this ship is too big to pass through the canal .
this side of the house catches the morning sun .
this train will get you there in half the time .
though he wouldn't admit it , he was very tired .
to tell the truth , i'm tired of violent movies .
tom advised mary not to stay out late at night .
tom already owns more cars than he'll ever use .
tom always tries to do what he thinks is right .
tom and i are going to boston for a conference .
tom and mary are planning a picnic at the lake .
tom and mary don't like the same kind of music .
tom and mary left boston at the end of october .
tom and mary were gone by the time i got there .
tom and his friends built a cabin in the woods .
tom asked mary to show him some of her artwork .
tom asked mary why she was buying so much food .
tom asked for my permission to use my computer .
tom came on monday and went back the day after .
tom closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep .
tom couldn't borrow as much money as he needed .
tom didn't have enough money to go home by bus .
tom didn't know who mary was planning to marry .
tom didn't trust anyone and no one trusted tom .
tom doesn't know whether to turn left or right .
tom doesn't really want to go swimming with us .
tom doesn't want to deal with this problem now .
tom fixed the roof of his house just yesterday .
tom forgot to tell mary what needed to be done .
tom gave them a general idea of what he wanted .
tom gets angry when he doesn't get his own way .
tom got a toy hammer and toolbox for christmas .
tom had to do it even though he didn't want to .
tom has been absent from school for three days .
tom has been told several times not to do that .
tom has enough money to buy the house he wants .
tom has just finished writing a letter to mary .
tom hasn't eaten anything in the past 36 hours .
tom is not as smart as he likes to think he is .
tom is the one who knows what needs to be done .
tom isn't as good at french as he thinks he is .
tom just told his wife that he was leaving her .
tom learned how to swim when he was very young .
tom looked very tired when i saw him yesterday .
tom loved mary , but she didn't like him at all .
tom may come and visit me any time he wants to .
tom patted me on the back and congratulated me .
tom persuaded mary to go to the party with him .
tom put all his belongings in a small suitcase .
tom said he'd expected mary to be at his party .
tom said that he'd be the first one to do that .
tom sat alone with a half-empty bottle of wine .
tom says that he's never tried eating dog food .
tom stayed with us for three weeks last summer .
tom told mary that he didn't have enough money .
tom told me i was the one he wanted to talk to .
tom took off his watch and put it on the table .
tom took out some coins and handed one to mary .
tom tried to convince mary to dye her hair red .
tom wants his father buried next to his mother .
tom was sitting in the library , reading a book .
tom went to school to learn how to tune pianos .
tom will be absent today because he has a cold .
tom won't let mary do anything she wants to do .
tom's goal is to own a home before he's thirty .
tom , i'm in trouble . i need you to come get me .
trying to convince tom will be a waste of time .
we almost always speak to each other in french .
we are having a serious talk about your future .
we are not too young to tell what love is like .
we can't have all those people over for dinner .
we could go out together like we did last year .
we had no customers , so we shut the shop early .
we have a lot of snow at this time of the year .
we have left undone what we ought to have done .
we have no one but ourselves to blame for that .
we have nothing to lose and everything to gain .
we have to figure out a way to make some money .
we have to make sure we have enough volunteers .
we have two dogs , three cats , and six chickens .
we just got married , and this is our honeymoon .
we lost no time in sending him to the hospital .
we missed our plane because of the traffic jam .
we missed you very much at the party yesterday .
we need to stop them before they do any damage .
we need to take steps to rectify the situation .
we observed this plant closely for a few weeks .
we picked apples so we could make an apple pie .
we promised to stand by him in case of trouble .
we saw what looked like an oasis in the desert .
we should not despise a man because he is poor .
we shouldn't have left tom alone in the garage .
we took refuge from the storm in a nearby barn .
we want to know why you weren't here yesterday .
we wish him all success in his future endeavor .
we won't be able to evade punishment this time .
we'd better go inside before it begins to rain .
we'll have lived here for two years next april .
we'll read this book until the end of the year .
we'll see what the judge has to say about that .
we're doing everything we can to find your son .
we've done that twice in the last three months .
we've got to finish this before we can go home .
what am i supposed to do with what you gave me ?
what are you planning to do after this is over ?
what did you say you gave her for her birthday ?
what do you think of when you see this picture ?
what does the word get mean in this sentence ?
what does your son want to be when he grows up ?
what is the best advice you've ever been given ?
what made you change your mind all of a sudden ?
what makes you think i don't like your friends ?
what time was it when you entered the building ?
what would tom do if he ever learned the truth ?
what would it cost to have this chair repaired ?
what would you do if you had a billion dollars ?
what would you do if you had a million dollars ?
what's made you decide to work for our company ?
what's the difference between a dog and a wolf ?
what's wrong with being nude in your own house ?
when i get through with my work , i'll call you .
when i got home , i had a nice , ice-cold shower .
when i grow up , i want to be a train conductor .
when i saw her recently , she looked very happy .
when i saw the picture , i remembered the story .
when she heard the news , she broke down crying .
when the bomb exploded , i happened to be there .
when the thief heard the dog bark , he ran away .
when was the last time you slept on the ground ?
when was the last time you visited the dentist ?
when your husband finds out , he won't be happy .
where is the most beautiful place in the world ?
who can predict what will happen in the future ?
who is the woman whose picture is on your desk ?
whoever is at the door , please ask him to wait .
why didn't you show up at the party last night ?
why don't you start by telling us how you feel ?
why don't you start by telling us what you saw ?
why don't you stay and drink some wine with us ?
why don't you stop worrying and get some sleep ?
why don't you tell me what happened last night ?
why wouldn't you let me tell you what happened ?
would you be willing to show me how to do that ?
would you bring me a glass of red wine , please ?
would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon ?
would you mind if i drank the rest of the milk ?
would you mind if we asked you a few questions ?
you alone can do it , but you can't do it alone .
you and i both know that's not going to happen .
you can see the whole park from the restaurant .
you can't get a job here without a work permit .
you can't have a rainbow without a little rain .
you can't remember it and i'll never forget it .
you didn't seem to enjoy the concert very much .
you don't know tom as well as you think you do .
you don't really expect me to tell you , do you ?
you have to be here at 2:30 tomorrow afternoon .
you have to do that whether you like it or not .
you have to do this whether you like it or not .
you have to wait on the other side of the road .
you have to wear a helmet to protect your head .
you haven't been a teacher very long , have you ?
you know where to find me if you need anything .
you might be the only one here who can do that .
you must be careful when talking to a european .
you must not get off the train before it stops .
you need a passport to enter a foreign country .
you say you don't want to get your hands dirty .
you should give this task to some other person .
you should keep your valuables in a safe place .
you should receive them by the end of the week .
you were dying , but the doctor saved your life .
you work too hard these days . aren't you tired ?
you're going to break it if you're not careful .
you're not going to weasel out of it this time .
you're the best thing that ever happened to me .
you're the only one who can solve this problem .
you've always got to be ready for an emergency .
young men such as you are needed for this work .
your breakfast is ready . don't let it get cold .
your feet will lead you to where your heart is .
your wife's on the phone . she says it's urgent .
zoology and botany deal with the study of life .
do you want some water ? yeah , i'd love some .
have you seen tom ? not in the last few days .
how many girls do you have ? i only have one .
how much is he asking for ? a thousand euros .
how soon will the bus come ? in five minutes .
i sat down next to tom . i don't believe you .
i think i need a stiff drink . make that two .
i wonder if it's stopped raining . i hope so .
is there a book on the chair ? yes , there is .
this isn't tom's watch . i never said it was .
tom broke up with mary . is that a bad thing ?
was she a high school student ? yes , she was .
what would you like to drink ? a dry martini .
where's tom ? i don't know . i can't find him .
who wants to go swimming with me ? we all do .
why don't you come ? because i don't want to .
will they go on strike again ? i'm afraid so .
you were wrong . yes , but i was almost right .
a bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain .
a boy like tom doesn't deserve a girl like mary .
a burglar made away with my wife's diamond ring .
a captain is in charge of his ship and its crew .
a customs official asked me to open my suitcase .
a girl approached the king from among the crowd .
a man with a full belly thinks no one is hungry .
a merchant is a person who buys and sells goods .
a nice day , isn't it ? why not go out for a walk ?
a strange man came up to me and asked for money .
a stranger is a friend you just haven't met yet .
a thief broke into the house to steal the money .
a woman whose husband is dead is called a widow .
actors and politicians never pass up a photo op .
after we walked for a while , we got to the lake .
al capone was finally sent away for tax evasion .
all that you have to do is to follow his advice .
americans spend much of their free time at home .
an atomic bomb was dropped on hiroshima in 1945 .
an eagle's wings are more than one meter across .
an old man was resting in the shade of the tree .
any play opening to bad reviews won't last long .
are there more sheep in wales or in new zealand ?
are you absolutely sure that it was tom you saw ?
are you closer to your mother or to your father ?
are you still planning on buying a new computer ?
are you sure we're going in the right direction ?
as far as i know , tom doesn't have a girlfriend .
as far as i know , such a function doesn't exist .
as soon as she got her salary , she spent it all .
as time went on , the sky grew darker and darker .
as you know , we were late due to the heavy rain .
at least for now , i'm not going to say anything .
at school he was always at the top of his class .
at that time , i was still taking french lessons .
because my mother was ill , i could not go there .
because of the dense fog , nothing could be seen .
because of the pills i took , the pain went away .
before going home , i have a few drinks to relax .
believe me , everything he's told you is a crock .
besides being a surgeon , he was a famous writer .
both tom and mary didn't know how to send a fax .
breakfast is served from 7:30 a . m . to 11:00 a . m .
buses in the country don't usually come on time .
by the way , how many of you are keeping a diary ?
can you direct me to the nearest subway station ?
can you tell me how to get to the train station ?
can't this wait until things are back to normal ?
coastal cities will take the brunt of the storm .
could you bring me a pillow and blanket , please ?
could you lend me some money until this weekend ?
could you move forward so we can close the door ?
could you please speak a little bit more slowly ?
could you please tell me again why you are late ?
could you please tell me your height and weight ?
could you weed the garden and water the flowers ?
dad , what are you going to get me for christmas ?
did i tell you how beautiful you looked tonight ?
did you choose an interesting book for your son ?
did you have a good time on your trip to london ?
did you hear the news on the radio this morning ?
did you really expect him to tell you the truth ?
did you really give tom a key to your apartment ?
did you really think i wouldn't learn the truth ?
did you see anybody else in the park that night ?
dinner is ready , so we can eat whenever we want .
do you have any idea what they're talking about ?
do you have the same thing in a different color ?
do you know what would happen if you drank that ?
do you play any instrument other than the piano ?
do you think tom would enjoy doing that with us ?
do you want to install this free browser add-on ?
don't go out in this heat without wearing a hat .
don't let his snide remarks get the best of you .
don't pat me on the head like i'm still a child !
don't speak to me about tom . we're on bad terms .
don't you think i know what people say about me ?
don't you think it's strange that he's not here ?
due to the bad weather , the game was called off .
educational reforms still have a long way to go .
even god can't make two times two not make four .
even with all his wealth and fame , he's unhappy .
even with his glasses , he doesn't see very well .
everybody in that family has a car of their own .
everybody knows that he lost his leg in the war .
everyday life can get a bit monotonous at times .
everyone in the class learned the poem by heart .
excuse me , but would you please open the window ?
excuse me , could you say that again more slowly ?
far from being pleased , my father is very angry .
five years have passed since they came to japan .
for a refund , you must return the item unopened .
for some reason , we seem to be losing customers .
for starters , i want to eat a little bit of pie .
for the thousandth time , i don't need your help .
germany did not want war with the united states .
get a job so you can support your wife and kids .
give a thief enough rope and he'll hang himself .
go along this street and turn right at the bank .
go to your room and wait there until i call you .
grandmother's ashes are in an urn at the temple .
had i known you'd be here , i wouldn't have come .
have you left the state within the last 14 days ?
he always leaves the window open when he sleeps .
he came across this old coin in an antique shop .
he can't run his own family , let alone a nation !
he decided to rent his property to that company .
he devoted all his time to the study of history .
he didn't get in until 2 o'clock in the morning .
he fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident .
he had to leave the city , so he moved to berlin .
he has been the chief of his tribe for 35 years .
he has transmitted all his knowledge to his son .
he is capable of running a mile in four minutes .
he is not man to lose heart at a single failure .
he is the most obstinate child i have ever seen .
he is too short to get at the book on the shelf .
he is well off , so he doesn't worry about money .
he left his parents when he was eight years old .
he likes not only baseball but football as well .
he looked back at us many times and walked away .
he makes it a rule never to speak ill of others .
he makes it a rule to take a walk every morning .
he must be crazy to treat his parents like this .
he needs a more productive outlet for his anger .
he never fails to write to his mother every day .
he reminded his wife to wake him up at 7:00 a . m .
he said better times were ahead for the country .
he said he was tired , so he would go home early .
he saved his friend at the risk of his own life .
he says he's innocent , but they put him in jail .
he smokes like a chimney and drinks like a fish .
he stayed in bed because he wasn't feeling well .
he thinks that blue is the most beautiful color .
he took over the business after his father died .
he uses extreme care when he drives in the rain .
he was proud that he was selected by the people .
he was respected both as a teacher and as a man .
he was the sort of man you could get along with .
he will come back to japan in the middle of may .
he works as a teacher , but actually he is a spy .
he's a man of his word , so you can count on him .
he's a regular at the bars and pubs around here .
her gray hair makes her look older than her age .
his bad leg prevented him from winning the race .
his joke made all the class burst into laughter .
his mother sat up all night waiting for her son .
hot lemon with honey is a good remedy for colds .
how can you tell an englishman from an american ?
how do i know you aren't going to do that again ?
how do you eat like that without gaining weight ?
how do you know light travels faster than sound ?
how do you know those guys won't try to kill us ?
how long can you survive buried in an avalanche ?
how long did it take you to translate this book ?
how long will it take me to walk to the station ?
how long would it take to swim across the river ?
how many christmas cards did you send last year ?
how many christmas carols can you sing by heart ?
how many days does it usually take to get there ?
how many packs of cigarettes do you smoke daily ?
how many pennies does it take to make one pound ?
how much is the car that you're planning to buy ?
how much time do you think is needed to do that ?
i always have two cups of coffee in the morning .
i always thought tom and mary would get married .
i always wear a watch so i know what time it is .
i always work alone . i'm just not a team player .
i am fond of soccer , rugby , football , and so on .
i apologize for the delay in sending the agenda .
i appeal to you to contribute to the new clinic .
i arranged for a car to meet you at the airport .
i asked him not to play the piano late at night .
i assure you this is about much more than money .
i can always take the bus back to boston , right ?
i can do that with one hand tied behind my back .
i can probably do that in less than three hours .
i can remember when you were just a little girl .
i can speak french and i can also speak english .
i can't figure out why he didn't tell the truth .
i can't fit everything i need into one suitcase .
i can't go to work today because i have the flu .
i can't see you without thinking of your mother .
i can't send you all the files at the same time .
i can't stand the thought of losing you forever .
i can't tell you how many times i've been there .
i can't tell you why she was absent from school .
i can't understand what you're trying to get at .
i cannot help wondering if he will come on time .
i cannot put up with his bad manners any longer .
i closed the door so that they wouldn't hear us .
i couldn't attend that party because i was sick .
i did everything i could to help tom find a job .
i didn't expect to see you at a place like this .
i didn't know tom was going to boston with mary .
i didn't know we wouldn't be allowed to do that .
i didn't know what time i was supposed to leave .
i didn't like this game until i started winning .
i didn't pay attention to what they were saying .
i didn't think it would be that easy to do that .
i didn't want you to tell tom about what we did .
i don't care if you go or not . i'm going anyway .
i don't care if you're busy . please help me now .
i don't care much whether you believe me or not .
i don't intend to get mixed up in your business .
i don't know how i could've made such a mistake .
i don't know how to thank you for your kindness .
i don't know why i'm in a bad mood this morning .
i don't know why you didn't tell me immediately .
i don't know yet , but i'll find out soon enough .
i don't need to go to australia until next week .
i don't really know how else i can explain that .
i don't remember the last time i climbed a tree .
i don't speak french well enough to do that job .
i don't think either of us wants that to happen .
i don't think this shirt goes with that red tie .
i don't think we could do that even if we tried .
i don't think we're going to be able to do that .
i don't understand a word of what tom is saying .
i don't want to have children . is that abnormal ?
i doubt this is anything you'd be interested in .
i doubted that tom needed to do that by himself .
i feel strange today and i don't understand why .
i feel the need to do something different today .
i felt out of place in the expensive restaurant .
i find it hard to get up early on cold mornings .
i forgot to turn off the tv before going to bed .
i gave her my word i would be back home by nine .
i had left the key in the office the day before .
i had never seen my father cry before that time .
i had no idea that tom knew how to speak french .
i had some free time , so i wandered around town .
i had some time to think about what i had to do .
i had the feeling you were going to ask me that .
i had to resort to threats to get my money back .
i had to study french when i was in high school .
i have a feeling you and i have a lot in common .
i have been to the airport to see my friend off .
i have come in response to your ad in the paper .
i have no intention of meddling in your affairs .
i have something to tell you . i am your brother .
i have to pull a ripcord to start my lawn mower .
i have to take some photos for my class project .
i haven't eaten french food since i left france .
i haven't felt like this since i was a teenager .
i haven't worked up the courage to tell her yet .
i heard a strange noise coming from the kitchen .
i hope he will come up with a new and good idea .
i hope you were able to buy everything you need .
i just can't get used to taking orders from tom .
i keep a list of all the countries i've visited .
i knew there was something fishy about that guy .
i know mary is pretty , but she's not very smart .
i know the last thing you want to do is help me .
i know the last thing you want to do is hurt me .
i know you aren't stupid enough to believe that .
i left my bag on the overhead rack in the train .
i left my wallet at home on that particular day .
i live near the sea , so i often go to the beach .
i looked tom in the eyes and told him the truth .
i lost the door key , so i can't enter the house .
i made friends with them at the school festival .
i moved to the neighborhood about two years ago .
i need to do this three times a day for a month .
i need you to show me what you have in your bag .
i never wrote to her , despite the urge to do so .
i notice the sale prices are written in red ink .
i often use ssh to access my computers remotely .
i owe him a great deal because he saved my life .
i pay fifty pounds a week for board and lodging .
i plan to study this afternoon after i get home .
i realized it was a mistake as soon as i did it .
i really feel like we're on the same wavelength .
i remember hearing a very similar story to that .
i reserved my hotel room three weeks in advance .
i saw tom a few minutes ago and he looked tired .
i saw a fishing boat about a mile off the shore .
i saw a man yesterday eating from a garbage can .
i saw her taking a walk in the park at midnight .
i saw some of the guests leave the banquet room .
i shouldn't have drunk that last bottle of beer .
i still haven't gotten over what happened to me .
i succeeded in reaching the top of the mountain .
i suggested that we bring the meeting to an end .
i suppose you're already packed and ready to go .
i think i could come to australia for christmas .
i think i'll stay in boston for a few more days .
i think i've persuaded tom to donate some money .
i think tom probably doesn't like you very much .
i think it natural for her to decline his offer .
i think it's highly unlikely that tom will swim .
i think it's time for me to buy a decent camera .
i think it's time for me to get my eyes checked .
i think it's time for me to move to the suburbs .
i think this medicine will do you a lot of good .
i think you don't have enough money to buy that .
i think you know exactly what i'm talking about .
i thought i told you not to talk to my daughter .
i thought you were supposed to be at school now .
i thought you'd always wanted to see this movie .
i told tom that i never wanted to see him again .
i told you that my dad died when i was thirteen .
i took it for granted that you were on our side .
i want him to be informed about that in advance .
i want those reports on my desk within the hour .
i want to eat some korean food that isn't spicy .
i want to get a haircut before i go on the trip .
i want to have a talk with him about the matter .
i want to know if my baggage is going to arrive .
i want to know who you were with this afternoon .
i want to make sure you are who you say you are .
i want you to go to your room and lock the door .
i want you to help me find out who stole my car .
i want you to understand what i'm trying to say .
i wanted tom to come to australia for christmas .
i wanted to say something , but i was too scared .
i was in the shower , so i didn't hear the phone .
i was just about to go to bed when he phoned me .
i was lucky that i got treated by a good doctor .
i was surprised at the news of his sudden death .
i will forgive him out of consideration for you .
i will give a bunch of flowers to my girlfriend .
i will give these tickets to whoever wants them .
i will go there on foot or by bicycle next time .
i will have finished the work before you return .
i will have lived here for ten years next month .
i will see to it that you meet her at the party .
i wish i could tell you the reason , but i can't .
i wish i had married your sister instead of you .
i wish she would stop playing that stupid music .
i wish that i could give you the money you need .
i withdrew some money from the bank for my trip .
i won't go to tom's party even if he invites me .
i wonder whether or not this milk is still good .
i wonder why i feel so lonely when it gets cold .
i wore out two pairs of jogging shoes last year .
i'd like to ask you the same question once more .
i'd like to be there , but unfortunately i can't .
i'd like to leave this town and never come back .
i'd like to take a couple of days off next week .
i'd rather not talk about it , if you don't mind .
i'll have to make amends to them for my mistake .
i'll never be able to do that without your help .
i'll pay you back the money i owe you next week .
i'll stand by you no matter what others may say .
i'm afraid even your friends can't save you now .
i'm amazed by the rate at which industries grow .
i'm calling the cops unless you leave right now .
i'm glad i have a friend like you to confide in .
i'm going to do something by myself for a while .
i'm not crying . i just have something in my eye .
i'm not satisfied with the quality of your work .
i'm on my way to visit a friend in the hospital .
i'm one of the thirty people who had to do that .
i'm pretty sure that tom doesn't have a brother .
i'm sick of hearing the same thing all the time .
i'm sorry that i can't be who you want me to be .
i've already bought tom what he asked me to buy .
i've already done most of what needs to be done .
i've changed . i'm not the same man i used to be .
i've made peace with my maker . i'm ready to die .
i've made the same mistakes as i made last time .
i've told you a million times not to exaggerate .
if i had one million yen now , i would buy a car .
if i screw up , what's the worst that can happen ?
if i were caught , do you know what would happen ?
if tom finds out i told you this , he'll kill me .
if tom has a problem with me , he should tell me .
if everyone pitches in , i'm sure we can do that .
if so , then there's no problem at all , is there ?
if the saddle is too heavy , the mule won't move .
if we decide to hire you , you will hear from us .
if you ask me , this is a complete waste of time .
if you don't mind , may we inspect your suitcase ?
if you don't study harder , you'll fail for sure .
if you don't understand a question , just say so .
if you don't want to talk about it , that's okay .
if you don't water the plants , they will wither .
if you guys want to sleep here , it's no problem .
if you had a million dollars , what would you do ?
if you have something to say , say it to my face .
if you really like mary , you should ask her out .
if you're not watching the tv , i'll turn it off .
in 1958 , brazil won its first world cup victory .
in time he'll come to see the error of his ways .
is everything that belongs to you in that chest ?
is it ok to drink alcoholic drinks in this park ?
is there a link between smoking and lung cancer ?
it always takes time to get used to a new place .
it began to rain five minutes after i left home .
it doesn't matter to me whether you come or not .
it doesn't seem like it's going to stop raining .
it has been over three years since i moved here .
it is in this room that the summit will be held .
it is one of the biggest summer music festivals .
it is said that the poor are not always unhappy .
it is said that treasure is buried in this area .
it is useless to discuss the matter any further .
it isn't clear what the writer is trying to say .
it isn't easy to write a love letter in english .
it looks like rain . we should close the windows .
it makes no difference whether you agree or not .
it might be a long time before you see me again .
it occurred to him that he should start at once .
it seems like you're in a bad mood this morning .
it seems that he believes what he said is right .
it was not difficult to pretend to be my mother .
it was not in his nature to speak ill of others .
it was not until yesterday that i knew the news .
it was the most harrowing experience of my life .
it was very sensible of him to reject the bribe .
it wasn't as expensive as i thought it would be .
it wasn't until yesterday that i heard the news .
it will be difficult for him to get up so early .
it would be better for you to stay in bed today .
it wouldn't be the first time that has happened .
it'll take some time to get used to living here .
it's a shame to stay indoors on a day like this .
it's about ten minutes from here to the station .
it's been a long time since i last spoke french .
it's been a long time since i've seen my family .
it's been a long time since i've seen you smile .
it's difficult to understand why you want to go .
it's hard for me to express ideas through words .
it's hard to stay calm in a situation like that .
it's not necessary to write more than 400 words .
it's not too late to tell tom that you love him .
it's people like you who give boston a bad name .
judging from his accent , he must be from kyushu .
juggling is actually a lot easier than it looks .
last night there was a fire in the neighborhood .
let me introduce you to a new way of doing that .
let's go get snockered like we did last weekend .
let's leave the matter as it is for the present .
let's list all the reasons we shouldn't do that .
let's sit here for a while and look at the view .
let's wrap up this work now and go out drinking .
listen carefully and do exactly what i tell you .
look up words you don't know in your dictionary .
lucky are those who have escaped safe and sound .
make sure you finish this by the end of the day .
marrying you was the biggest mistake of my life .
mary is going to open a gift from her boyfriend .
mary thinks that the world is a dangerous place .
may i talk with you in private about the matter ?
may i use your eraser ? i seem to have lost mine .
maybe tom was the one who stole mary's necklace .
maybe tom was trying to warn us about something .
men were attracted to her like moths to a flame .
monopoly is a popular game for families to play .
most people in the village objected to the plan .
my aunt wears glasses when she reads the papers .
my boss has the ability to read books very fast .
my boss rejected the budget for the new project .
my brother fell out of a tree and broke his leg .
my dream is to lead a quiet life in the country .
my father can speak french , but my mother can't .
my father planted this tree the year i was born .
my mother always gets up earlier in the morning .
my parents fought all the time when i was a kid .
my parents never punished me for anything i did .
my sister has three times as many books as i do .
my sister took care of the dog while i was away .
my teeth aren't as white as i'd like them to be .
never put off to tomorrow what you can do today .
no matter what you say , i'm convinced i'm right .
no one in his class can run faster than he does .
nobody i know ever paid sticker price for a car .
not a sound was to be heard in the concert hall .
one does not wear a red mini skirt to a funeral .
our french teacher gives us a test every monday .
paris is one of the largest cities in the world .
people might think you're stupid if you do that .
photography is now considered a new form of art .
please tell me when you can't hear this anymore .
please tell me which bus to take to go downtown .
put another plate on the table . we have a guest .
reading is to the mind what food is to the body .
save your energy . you're going to need it later .
school begins at half past eight in the morning .
schools will be closed today due to the weather .
seen from the moon , the earth looks like a ball .
send in something to eat or i'll kill a hostage .
she advised him to walk instead of taking a bus .
she always takes her time in choosing her dress .
she asked him for some money to buy a new dress .
she asked him to stay , but he had to go to work .
she asked me to continue writing to your father .
she bought a shirt for him to wear to the party .
she didn't think her dream would ever come true .
she explained to him why she couldn't visit him .
she got a slight burn on her hand while cooking .
she had been sick for a week when i visited her .
she has lived alone ever since her husband died .
she has to take in the waist of her pants a bit .
she held him tightly and never wanted to let go .
she hurt her foot when she fell off her bicycle .
she inferred from his silence that he was angry .
she left me simply because i had a small income .
she listens to him even though no one else does .
she looked at the picture to refresh her memory .
she obeys him no matter what he tells her to do .
she realized that she had better tell the truth .
she seems to be in trouble . tell her what to do .
she stood transfixed as if she had seen a ghost .
she studies as hard as any student in her class .
she taught the child never to play with matches .
she told me which clothes would be good to wear .
she tried to persuade him to attend the meeting .
she wanted to have her father's love to herself .
she was able to cross the pacific ocean by boat .
she was absent from school because she was sick .
she was approaching thirty when i first met her .
she was clever enough not to be deceived by him .
she will be glad if you go to see her in person .
she would often practice the violin on the roof .
she wouldn't let him in the room no matter what .
since it rained the whole day , i stayed indoors .
since it's nice out , i'd like to go take a walk .
sit down on that chair and try to calm yourself .
stop worrying about that and focus on your work .
surrounded by the sea , japan has a mild climate .
that cake looks good too . give me a small piece .
that child grew a lot in a short amount of time .
that guy is always asking his parents for money .
that house is small , but it's big enough for us .
that mountain is five times as high as this one .
that pigeon flew from san francisco to new york .
that song has been stuck in my head for a while .
that was one of the biggest mistakes in my life .
that was the first time i had ever driven a car .
that's what tom and i were told three hours ago .
the beatles gave five concerts in tokyo in 1996 .
the bad weather delayed the plane for two hours .
the birth rate and death rate were nearly equal .
the black cat purred , as if he was being petted .
the bridge saved them a lot of time and trouble .
the cat chased the mouse , but couldn't catch it .
the child's face glowed when he saw santa claus .
the contents of the box are listed on the label .
the dentist gave me some pills for my toothache .
the doctor advised him to stop working too much .
the doctor advised my father to give up smoking .
the doctor warned him of the dangers of smoking .
the dog was busy burying his bone in the garden .
the drunk driver had to spend the night in jail .
the girl went to school in spite of her illness .
the ground beef was found to contain horse meat .
the last part of the trip was across the desert .
the last time when i saw him , he was quite well .
the law will be effective from the 1st of april .
the letter is being written at this very minute .
the man who i thought was my friend deceived me .
the man who is standing over there is my father .
the military has a very strict chain of command .
the moment she was alone , she opened the letter .
the money i have now falls short of what i need .
the money you give them will be put to good use .
the only way to know if it fits is to try it on .
the plane was delayed on account of bad weather .
the players were in high spirits after the game .
the police started to look into the murder case .
the price turned out to be lower than i thought .
the resolution to the problem was close at hand .
the roof collapsed under the weight of the snow .
the scientist is famous both at home and abroad .
the soldiers on the boats would be easy targets .
the sound of a gunshot echoed across the canyon .
the tall man wore a pink carnation in his lapel .
the teacher excused me for being late for class .
the teacher has a great influence on his pupils .
the teacher taught them that the earth is round .
the thief was marched off to the police station .
the two men sitting on the bench were americans .
the weather was not only cold , it was also damp .
there are some people who think it's a bad idea .
there have been many cases of cholera this year .
there is a white line in the middle of the road .
there is little hope that she will come on time .
there is not much i can do to help , i am afraid .
there isn't a scrap of food in the refrigerator .
there used to be some big trees around the pond .
there was a curtain which was covering the door .
there was only a little milk left in the bottle .
there was only one other person on the platform .
there's a helicopter waiting for us on the roof .
there's a lot of wind this morning , isn't there ?
there's no way i'm going to pay for your ticket .
there's something i need to talk with you about .
there's something i'd like to talk to you about .
they awarded her first prize at the flower show .
they couldn't find out why your car won't start .
they deal in fruit and vegetables at that store .
they didn't want to listen to what i had to say .
they look just like rats leaving a sinking ship .
they shot down two enemy planes during the raid .
they started to sell a new type of car in tokyo .
they still haven't found a buyer for that house .
they usually go to school from monday to friday .
they want a few more hours to finish the report .
they're more scared of you than you are of them .
this book is way more interesting than that one .
this car is my father's , but it'll soon be mine .
this is a lot harder than i thought it would be .
this is a problem you have to solve by yourself .
this is just a symptom of a much bigger problem .
this is the best movie i've seen in a long time .
this is the guide who took us around the castle .
this is the most comfortable chair in our house .
this is the most enjoyable thing i've ever done .
this is the same necklace that i lost yesterday .
this sort of tree is very common in our country .
those pants are a little too tight in the waist .
those who know me know i'm pretty good at chess .
to get to the museum , you need to take that bus .
to put it briefly , she turned down his proposal .
today there are many things made of sheet metal .
tom and i discussed the problem with each other .
tom and i gave each other presents on christmas .
tom and mary are playing cards in the next room .
tom and mary arrived in boston at the same time .
tom and mary contradict each other all the time .
tom and mary don't like the same kind of movies .
tom and mary don't want to go to the same place .
tom and mary have never been to that restaurant .
tom and his brother don't live in the same city .
tom asked mary to do that , so you don't have to .
tom asked mary who had been the first to arrive .
tom broke the rules and was kicked off the team .
tom can reach me at this number any time of day .
tom didn't arrive until it was already too late .
tom didn't want the same thing to happen to him .
tom didn't want to go back to where he was born .
tom didn't want to play golf with mary's father .
tom doesn't take very good care of his children .
tom eats at least three bowls of rice every day .
tom fell asleep and missed the end of the movie .
tom got an emergency call and had to leave work .
tom had christmas lights strung up on his porch .
tom had to wait a long time in the waiting room .
tom has a friend whose mother is a veterinarian .
tom has money . however , he's not all that happy .
tom is going to be a good soccer player someday .
tom is one of the wealthiest men in the country .
tom is probably just a little younger than mary .
tom is the only one here who can't speak french .
tom is usually on time and mary is usually late .
tom isn't as busy this week as he was last week .
tom isn't the only one here who's a good singer .
tom isn't used to driving a left-hand drive car .
tom knew mary understood what they needed to do .
tom knew there wasn't much he could do about it .
tom learned how to do that from his grandfather .
tom lived the high life until the money ran out .
tom married the most beautiful girl in the city .
tom may have been in boston with mary last week .
tom plays tennis after school three days a week .
tom plays tennis with mary at least once a week .
tom pushed against the door with all his weight .
tom remembered the last time he had hugged mary .
tom said he doesn't even want to think about it .
tom said he wouldn't mind sleeping on the floor .
tom said it was too late to change his schedule .
tom said that he knew why mary couldn't do that .
tom said that he thought the room was too small .
tom sat on the beach all day , writing postcards .
tom says he thinks it's a waste of time to vote .
tom swerved off the road to avoid hitting a dog .
tom thinks i'm going to drink this , but i'm not .
tom told mary that he thought john was innocent .
tom told mary that he'd go to boston in october .
tom told mary that she shouldn't go there alone .
tom told me later that he wasn't really married .
tom told me that mary would be ready to do that .
tom took a twenty dollar bill out of his pocket .
tom wanted mary to come to boston for christmas .
tom wanted mary to tell him about her childhood .
tom was a little overweight when he was a child .
tom was reading a book while listening to music .
tom was still drunk when i saw him this morning .
tom was tasked with gathering wood for the fire .
tom won't be going camping with us this weekend .
tom would never say something like that to mary .
tom's house is only three blocks away from here .
tom , mary and john are sitting around the table .
two months have passed since he left for france .
we ate an early lunch while we were at the mall .
we carried on the discussion till late at night .
we didn't think it would be possible to do that .
we got up really early to watch the sun come up .
we hadn't gone very far when it started to rain .
we have another ten miles to walk before sunset .
we have no choice but to give up the whole plan .
we have to find out why they want us to do this .
we have to memorize this poem by the next class .
we haven't seen each other for such a long time .
we haven't seen them for more than half an hour .
we hit the hay early in order to get up at dawn .
we hope to reach the summit before it gets dark .
we must work hard to break down social barriers .
we must , first of all , be careful of our health .
we often hear about an energy crisis these days .
we probably don't have enough money to buy that .
we still don't know what's going to happen next .
we thought that we wouldn't be able to stop tom .
we used to go to the movies on saturday evening .
we've been waiting for hours for you to show up .
were i to die , who would look after my children ?
were you watching tv last night at nine o'clock ?
what i was looking for was right before my eyes .
what tom was doing annoyed everyone in the room .
what are some foods you only eat in the evening ?
what are some things you and tom have in common ?
what color are you going to paint tom's bedroom ?
what do you spend a majority of your time doing ?
what is the second largest country in the world ?
what kind of person would do that kind of thing ?
what makes you think that tom will listen to me ?
what makes you think you won't be able to do it ?
what should you do if you are bitten by a cobra ?
what time did you leave your house this morning ?
what you do is more important than what you say .
what you have said applies only to single women .
whatever happens , i want you to know i love you .
when i grow up , i want to be an english teacher .
when i met tom , he was dating a girl named mary .
when mary was a child , her family was very poor .
when asked how to do it , he said he didn't know .
when he retired , his son took over his business .
when he saw her letter , he felt somewhat uneasy .
when we were kids , we played together every day .
where's the men's room ? i want to wash my hands .
while you are reading to me , i can do my sewing .
white wine doesn't agree with me . i prefer beer .
who's that cute girl i saw you with at the mall ?
who's to say it's not what's supposed to happen ?
why did you agree to spend the evening with tom ?
why did you give up the idea of learning french ?
why didn't the band play the song you requested ?
why do we learn so much useless stuff in school ?
why do you think soccer isn't popular in the us ?
why does the us government let people have guns ?
why don't we settle the matter once and for all ?
why don't you tell me how you think it happened ?
why don't you tell me why you think it happened ?
will you exchange this sweater for a larger one ?
would it be ok if i discussed it with my family ?
would you be willing to share your code with me ?
would you like to go out for a drink after work ?
would you like to see your husband grow a beard ?
would you like to talk about what just happened ?
would you mind blowing these balloons up for me ?
would you mind carrying it up the stairs for me ?
would you mind if i ask you a personal question ?
would you please speak a little bit more slowly ?
you are not allowed to turn left on this street .
you are the last person that i expected to meet .
you aren't the only one who doesn't believe tom .
you burnt a hole in my coat with your cigarette .
you don't need to come into the office tomorrow .
you gave tom the money he asked for , didn't you ?
you have a choice of black tea , coffee , or milk .
you have to go there whether you like it or not .
you look like you've just lost your best friend .
you nearly poked me in the eye with your pencil .
you need to be strong to do something like that .
you should assume that tom won't help us at all .
you should be careful in your choice of friends .
you should not despise a man because he is poor .
you should obey the traffic laws when you drive .
you should put aside some money for a rainy day .
you should set a good example for your children .
you should spend more time studying than you do .
you shouldn't get near my dog while he's eating .
you still haven't told me when you get off work .
you still haven't told me why you quit your job .
you were nodding off at times during my lecture .
you won't even remember me a few years from now .
you'd be surprised what you can learn in a week .
you'd better sober up before the boss gets back .
you'll never guess who i ran into in town today .
you're not old enough to get a driver's license .
you're not permitted to do that in this country .
you're the only person who shows me any respect .
you've got to give up gambling once and for all .
you've got what it takes to do well in this job .
your love is the only thing that keeps me alive .
are you and tom enemies ? no . why would we be ?
can i use your dictionary ? yes , here you are .
did tom really hit mary ? that's what i heard .
did he write a letter yesterday ? yes , he did .
do you want to be a millionaire ? who doesn't ?
how did the meeting go ? i think it went okay .
is there a book in the desk ? no , there isn't .
is your father busy ? no , i don't think he is .
let's go to the movies , shall we ? yes , let's .
may i help you ? yes , i'm looking for a dress .
please go with tom . what if we don't want to ?
the boys went downtown . is that where tom is ?
tom stole my wallet . are you sure about that ?
what time do you guys wake up ? eight o'clock .
what's tom doing now ? you don't want to know .
when will tom get here ? i really wish i knew .
where are tom and mary ? they're on their way .
which line should i get in ? any line is fine .
will you show me your ticket ? yes , of course .
would you like a drink ? i've already got one .
would you like any more ? no , i've had enough .
you've got a crush on this girl . no , i don't !
a doctor told me that eating eggs was bad for me .
a good night's sleep will do you a world of good .
a man with a gun attempted to commandeer the bus .
a monument was erected in memory of the deceased .
a portrait of an old man was hanging on the wall .
a sneeze leaves your body at forty miles an hour .
after the rain , there were puddles on the street .
all that you have to do is to wait for his reply .
all the goods for sale are set out on the tables .
all the money spent , we started looking for work .
all things considered , she is a fairly good wife .
anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung .
are you going to give tom anything for christmas ?
as is often the case with him , he was late again .
as soon as i get to london , i'll drop you a line .
asking a woman how old she is is not a good idea .
at any rate , i must finish this work by tomorrow .
believe me when i tell you that i don't love you .
both the house and the garden are in a bad state .
break the eggs and separate the yolks and whites .
can a child of her age distinguish good from bad ?
can you give me a geological explanation of lava ?
can you tell us what the bank robber looked like ?
close the curtains so the neighbors can't see in .
close the door after you when you leave the room .
cost is a definite factor in making our decision .
could we have a table in the non-smoking section ?
did she go to the station to see her teacher off ?
did you check all the items on the shopping list ?
did you know that vinegar can be made from dates ?
didn't i tell you that i was allergic to peanuts ?
do you actually think i'd do something like that ?
do you believe that people are capable of change ?
do you ever think before you open your big mouth ?
do you have any idea how stupid i feel right now ?
do you intend to eat that whole cake by yourself ?
do you really want to put your life in her hands ?
do you remember the day when we saw the accident ?
do you remember the day when you and i first met ?
do you think we should import rice from the u . s . ?
do you want me to tell tom that we won't do that ?
do you want to spend the rest of your life alone ?
don't be scared . my dog hasn't bitten anyone yet .
don't forget to pick me up at 6 o'clock tomorrow .
don't mince words . tell me what you really think .
don't you know that he passed away two years ago ?
driver fatigue is a major cause of car accidents .
during rush hour , a bicycle is faster than a car .
during the rush hours in tokyo , traffic is heavy .
each time i went to see him , i found him at work .
even though i can speak chinese , i can't read it .
every boy is supposed to wear a tie at the party .
everybody is supposed to wear a tie at the party .
everyone is entitled to be moody once in a while .
except for leap years , february has only 28 days .
fear of losing power corrupts those who wield it .
fewer young people know how to write in longhand .
fish can be dry and tasteless if it's overcooked .
flaxseed is one of the healthiest foods on earth .
food must be chewed well to be digested properly .
get a move on kids or you'll miss the school bus .
give your passport number and your date of birth .
good things happen when you least expect them to .
have you gotten used to eating japanese food yet ?
have you told everyone where the meeting will be ?
he asked me if i had slept well the night before .
he began to work to get congress to reduce taxes .
he cannot afford to buy a car , much less a house .
he couldn't get his ideas across to the students .
he did not believe anyone had the right to do so .
he died a few days before his hundredth birthday .
he doesn't know how to write a letter in english .
he doesn't mean to be mean . it's just his nature .
he drank a cup of tea and then asked for another .
he entered the democratic party but soon left it .
he expected that their talk was going to be long .
he gave us an essay to write during the vacation .
he gets really testy when he doesn't get his way .
he got up early so he'd be in time for the train .
he got very proficient in english in a few years .
he had barely enough money to buy bread and milk .
he had words with his friend and then struck him .
he hadn't eaten all day long and was very hungry .
he has a sufficient income to support his family .
he has not been able to attend school for a week .
he has retired , but he is still an actual leader .
he has the habit of standing up when he is angry .
he hurried up so that he wouldn't miss the train .
he is considered the prime suspect by the police .
he is our teacher and a person we should respect .
he is regarded as the best doctor in the village .
he is unable to concentrate on his academic work .
he is very friendly , so i enjoy working with him .
he kept his sense of humor until the day he died .
he leaned over her and said , no , i'm not lying .
he looked calm , but actually he was very nervous .
he lost hope and killed himself by taking poison .
he never fails to write to his mother every week .
he never goes out fishing without taking his son .
he once knew her , but they are no longer friends .
he pulled the wounded soldier to the nearby bush .
he referred to his past experience in his speech .
he returned home for the first time in ten years .
he said he did not know the man , which was a lie .
he said that he was going home the following day .
he said that if he were there , he would help her .
he should apologize for being rude to the guests .
he sits in this chair when he watches television .
he spends all his time chatting online on jabber .
he started learning english at the age of eleven .
he took charge of the arrangements for the party .
he tried to make his wife happy , but he couldn't .
he was determined to finish the work at any cost .
he was smiling as if nothing had happened to him .
he was still alive when the rescue party arrived .
he was writing a letter while listening to music .
he wasn't earning a large salary when he retired .
he went on to demonstrate how to use the machine .
he went to new york as soon as he got the letter .
he will make a business trip to london next week .
he works day and night to provide for his family .
he wrote her a long letter , which he didn't mail .
he zones out in front of the tv for hours on end .
he's not smart enough to add numbers in his head .
her hopes were dashed when she heard the verdict .
here is a list of things you should avoid eating .
here . take this with you . it might come in handy .
hey man , take it easy . i'm just messing with you .
his birthday just happens to be the same as mine .
his salary is double what it was seven years ago .
his wife being out , he cooked dinner for himself .
how are we going to get enough food for everyone ?
how come you know so much about japanese history ?
how many christmas cards did you write last year ?
how many hotels do you think there are in boston ?
how many years did it take to build the pyramids ?
how much longer do you suggest we devote to this ?
how much time do you spend watching tv every day ?
hundreds of thousands of people were out of work .
hurry up , or you will be late for the last train .
i admit this may not be the best way of doing it .
i advised him not to spend all his money on food .
i always carry a bottle of mineral water with me .
i always drop in at her house when i go to tokyo .
i always have a couple of beach towels in my car .
i am counting on you to give the opening address .
i am not accustomed to making speeches in public .
i asked tom if he knew anybody who taught french .
i believe it's my duty to protect these children .
i borrowed the screwdriver from a friend of mine .
i bought this at a flea market for three dollars .
i called my friend after arriving at the station .
i can make a few calls for you if you want me to .
i can understand why you don't want to eat there .
i can't bear the thought of her with another man .
i can't believe that i didn't even think of that .
i can't believe that tom wouldn't do that for me .
i can't believe that she is older than my mother .
i can't complain about the way i've been treated .
i can't figure out why nobody comes here anymore .
i can't help thinking that my son is still alive .
i can't juggle very well yet , but i'm practicing .
i can't necessarily agree with you on that point .
i can't say i share your enthusiasm for the idea .
i can't tell you how good it is to see you again .
i can't tell you how much i appreciate your help .
i can't thank you enough for what you did for me .
i can't turn it on , because the switch is broken .
i caught a big fish yesterday with my bare hands .
i could tell at a glance that she was in trouble .
i couldn't help laughing when i heard that story .
i cut my finger while trying to open the package .
i did all my christmas shopping online this year .
i did some shopping for christmas on my way home .
i didn't get a chance to introduce myself to her .
i didn't know i was adopted until i was thirteen .
i do hope there'll be people i know at the party .
i don't believe tom would do something like that .
i don't have to do that if i don't want to , do i ?
i don't know what to say to make you feel better .
i don't know whether tom still lives here or not .
i don't remember ever seeing one of these before .
i don't remember the last time i had so much fun .
i don't think anyone really expected you to help .
i don't think this is a good time to talk to tom .
i don't think we should be talking to each other .
i don't think we should do that until next month .
i don't understand what all of the fuss is about .
i don't understand why you don't want to do that .
i don't want tom making the same mistakes i made .
i don't want to be any more burden to my parents .
i don't want to be the person who tells tom that .
i don't want to hear another complaint about you .
i don't want to sleep on the couch again tonight .
i don't want you to make the same mistake i made .
i feel more alert after drinking a cup of coffee .
i feel sort of dizzy and i feel like throwing up .
i feel the same way about you as you do about me .
i gave him advice , to which he paid no attention .
i get the feeling you don't really want me to go .
i had a crush on you when we were in high school .
i had a problem similar to that not too long ago .
i had to cancel my trip on account of the strike .
i had to leave the room because it was too smoky .
i had to pay a large sum of money to get it back .
i hadn't planned to tell you anything about this .
i hate to interrupt , but i need to say something .
i have a friend whose father is a famous pianist .
i have an appointment with the professor at 1:30 .
i have an old computer that i don't want anymore .
i have just had one of the worst days of my life .
i have never had more than $500 in my possession .
i have no will power when it comes to exercising .
i have to tell you that i don't love you anymore .
i have to write a letter . do you have some paper ?
i have work to do , so go away and leave me alone .
i hear a lot of girls wear bikinis at that beach .
i heard tom came back to australia for christmas .
i heard that there were alligators in the sewers .
i held on to the rope tightly so i wouldn't fall .
i hope the new plan will work out satisfactorily .
i hope to have my car paid off by next september .
i just felt like hearing the sound of your voice .
i just remembered there's something i have to do .
i just want you all to know you can depend on me .
i just wanted to say thank you for all your help .
i kept him company while his wife was in surgery .
i knew that tom couldn't swim as well as i could .
i know i've said some pretty stupid things today .
i know it's unrealistic to expect tom to do that .
i like lots of butter on my toast in the morning .
i like to add basil to season my spaghetti sauce .
i like to take a hot bath every night before bed .
i made friends with her during my stay in london .
i met some friends while i was waiting for a bus .
i miss you . i need to see you . could i come over ?
i never miss the opportunity to eat italian food .
i never thought tom would do something like that .
i often go out for a short walk just after lunch .
i often visited the museum when i lived in kyoto .
i persuaded him to give himself up to the police .
i pretended not to understand what he was saying .
i promise to return this videotape within a week .
i ran as fast as i could , but i missed the train .
i ran to the station so i wouldn't miss my train .
i really like him , but not his circle of friends .
i see no reason why i shouldn't accept her offer .
i shouldn't have to tell you to do your homework .
i slept all day yesterday , because it was sunday .
i spend a few hours a day maintaining my website .
i stayed in bed all day instead of going to work .
i still go to australia for christmas every year .
i swear if you ever do that again , i'll kill you .
i think i have some leftover pizza in the fridge .
i think i understand the pressures you are under .
i think it must've been tom who broke the window .
i think it would be a good idea to go home early .
i think it's a little too cold to go on a picnic .
i think it's strange that he didn't speak to you .
i think it's time for me to contact him by phone .
i think it's time for me to give her a ride home .
i think it's time for me to start cooking dinner .
i think it's time for me to throw a little party .
i think it's time for us to come to an agreement .
i think we should ask tom where he wants to live .
i think you had better stick to your present job .
i think you ought to pay more attention in class .
i think you should go to australia for christmas .
i think you'll regret it if you don't go with us .
i thought i was never going to get out of prison .
i thought you and tom were going to go to boston .
i told you the truth when i told you i loved you .
i took time off from work and went to the doctor .
i tried sitting on that chair , but it was wobbly .
i tried the coat on , but it was too large for me .
i understand it , but i still don't agree with it .
i used to tell people i knew how to speak french .
i want everything in order by this time tomorrow .
i want my children to reach their full potential .
i want to be certain you are who you say you are .
i want to see you in your office in half an hour .
i want to thank all of you for coming here today .
i wanted to talk to you because i need your help .
i was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin .
i was unable to write down the number of the car .
i was wondering if i could borrow your newspaper .
i wasn't able to remember the title of that song .
i went to his house at 3 o'clock , but he was out .
i will do everything within my power to help you .
i will never forget the day when i first met him .
i will tell him about it when he comes next time .
i wish i could play the guitar as well as you do .
i wish i could remember where i left my umbrella .
i wish i were rich enough to buy a car like that .
i wish him the very best in his future endeavors .
i wish my children were as well behaved as yours .
i wonder if tom would like to play poker with us .
i wonder if exchange students can join this club .
i wonder whether or not tom will have to do that .
i wore black pants and a white t-shirt yesterday .
i'd be delighted if you could join us for dinner .
i'd hardly hung up when the telephone rang again .
i'd like to explain this in a little more detail .
i'd like you to look after my dog while i'm away .
i'd rather stay home if it's all the same to you .
i'd rather stay home than go out in this weather .
i'll be singing a song at tom and mary's wedding .
i'll be thinking of you every day while i'm away .
i'll lend you the tools that you need to do that .
i'll let you know if i find anything interesting .
i'll talk to him at the earliest possible moment .
i'm afraid we won't be able to help you tomorrow .
i'm anxious whether i'll do well at this new job .
i'm fairly certain tom wouldn't help you do that .
i'm going to do an internship at a local company .
i'm going to the supermarket to do some shopping .
i'm grateful to you for inviting me to the party .
i'm not saying this just because i'm your sister .
i'm not sure what my children want for christmas .
i'm not willing to cook dinner for twenty people .
i'm one of the thirty people who have to do that .
i'm one of the thirty people who need to do that .
i'm one of the thirty people who want to do that .
i'm pretty sure i told you before not to do that .
i'm pretty sure tom has fallen in love with mary .
i'm sick and tired of eating zucchinis every day .
i'm so mad i want to scream and break everything !
i'm sorry , but i can't find the book you lent me .
i'm sorry , but i don't feel like going out today .
i'm sorry , there's nothing more i can do for you .
i'm studying french because i need it for my job .
i'm willing to pay you a lot of money to do that .
i've been asked to give a speech about astronomy .
i've been very busy since i returned from abroad .
i've never seen so many birds at one time before .
i've never seen this kind of thing happen before .
i've paid parking fines a number of times myself .
i've told you over and over again not to do that .
if i were in your place , i would lend him a hand .
if he doesn't accept the job , somebody else will .
if he finds out , certainly he will be very angry .
if he had worked harder , he could have succeeded .
if it sounds too good to be true , it probably is .
if it were not for the air , planes could not fly .
if the coffee is too strong , add some more water .
if we had more space , we could get a grand piano .
if you buy me an ice cream , i'll give you a kiss .
if you could assist me , it would be a great help .
if you could loan me some money , i'd be grateful .
if you don't believe me , go and see for yourself .
if you don't eat fast , you'll be late for school .
if you don't leave , i'm going to call the police .
if you don't like the service , don't leave a tip .
if you don't like this , you don't have to eat it .
if you eat at this time of night , you'll get fat .
if you have any questions , don't hesitate to ask .
if you have questions , don't hesitate to jump in .
if you touch that wire , you will receive a shock .
if you're not too busy , could you please help us ?
in japan , there is no lake bigger than lake biwa .
in any case , i must finish this work by tomorrow .
in his free time , he likes to be on the internet .
in the middle of the table stood a vase of roses .
in the southern region , sales were up 47 percent .
in those days , sugar was less valuable than salt .
is it ok to drink beer on your university campus ?
is it true that you breast-fed all your children ?
is there somewhere in europe you'd like to visit ?
it is impossible for him to finish it in an hour .
it is impossible for me to do the work in a week .
it is necessary to have a license to drive a car .
it is not necessary for us to attend the meeting .
it is regrettable that you did not start earlier .
it looks like tom was able to get what he wanted .
it looks like your luggage is on the next flight .
it means a lot to me to know you want me to stay .
it might sound like i'm complaining , but i'm not .
it seems that tom is unable to solve the problem .
it takes a lot of electricity to power a country .
it took me a long time to recover from pneumonia .
it took me more than a month to get over my cold .
it took me some time to learn how to drive a car .
it took them some time to get used to each other .
it was just an accident that we met at the store .
it was no use trying to take her to the hospital .
it was when he was a child that he came to japan .
it'd be better to die than live a life like that .
it'll be easy to find someone to rent this house .
it's a waste of time to study when you're sleepy .
it's been a long time since i've heard that song .
it's better not to say anything about her to him .
it's clear they both want to spend time together .
it's convenient for me to see you at ten tonight .
it's easier to make plans than to carry them out .
it's easier to spend a lot than to save a little .
it's foolish for you to swim when it's this cold .
it's going to take at least an hour to get there .
it's horrible to get caught in rush hour traffic .
it's my custom to go for a walk before breakfast .
it's never too late to make amends for harm done .
it's not necessary for you to be here any longer .
it's really not as hard to do as you think it is .
it's supposed to get colder and snow later today .
it's very hard to see yourself as others see you .
japan has produced more cars than ever this year .
judging from his expression , he is in a bad mood .
just wait a little please . he hasn't arrived yet .
keep an eye on my suitcase while i buy my ticket .
last week i was at the beach , but today i'm home .
last week she gave birth to a beautiful daughter .
let's not pitch the tent right next to the river .
let's resume reading where we left off last week .
lincoln was a good politician and a smart lawyer .
london is one of the largest cities in the world .
look and see how much the cash register rings up .
look me in the eyes and tell me you didn't do it .
los angeles is one of the places i want to visit .
make sure you stick together so no one gets lost .
man is the only animal that blushes . or needs to .
man is the only animal that can make use of fire .
many young people are out of work in the country .
mary had a ring on every finger of her left hand .
may i call on you at your house tomorrow morning ?
may i charge my cell phone somewhere around here ?
mr . jackson gives us a lot of homework every day .
mt . everest is the highest mountain in the world .
my brother earns half as much money as my father .
my brother is not as tall as i was two years ago .
my father disapproved of my going to the concert .
my father was about to leave when the phone rang .
my grandfather made the company what it is today .
my parents never let me go to my friends' houses .
my sister married him in spite of our objections .
my uncle was standing there with his arms folded .
my weight hasn't changed in the last three years .
my younger brother swims every day in the summer .
needless to say , he was late for school as usual .
never take a blind man's arm . let him take yours .
no matter what happens , you must be here by nine .
no one found any reason to criticize his actions .
no one knows how many people died in that battle .
no one seems to have the guts to do that anymore .
nobody told me where the meeting was going to be .
none of us had any idea what was going to happen .
none of you have any idea what i've been through .
not knowing his address , she didn't write to him .
now my income is twice what it was two years ago .
on a hot day , nothing is better than a cold beer .
once you have made a promise , you should keep it .
one of the twins is alive , but the other is dead .
one third of the friends i grew up with are dead .
only young children and old fools tell the truth .
our ancestors came to this country 150 years ago .
our company's showroom was a hit with the ladies .
our house was broken into by burglars last night .
our math teacher drew a circle on the blackboard .
participants in a seance try to contact the dead .
people can't do a lot of things at the same time .
perseverance , as you know , is the key to success .
please be careful that you don't break this vase .
please inform me of any changes in the situation .
please let me pick up your sister at the station .
please take your time before deciding what to do .
please tell me what you think about this article .
prizes will be awarded at the end of the contest .
put the margarine in a bowl and mix until creamy .
quite a few people came to the meeting yesterday .
quito , ecuador , is a little south of the equator .
reaction is not always the best course of action .
repetition does not transform a lie into a truth .
rice is cultivated in several parts of the world .
schools and roads are services paid for by taxes .
she advised him of the date for the next meeting .
she advised him to stay in bed for two more days .
she asked him if he was a student at this school .
she asked me whether she could use the telephone .
she bought him a sweater , but he hated the color .
she dreaded having to tell him what had happened .
she dumped him because she thought he was a jerk .
she followed him home to find out where he lived .
she gave her entire life to the study of physics .
she grew up near the sea , yet she hates swimming .
she grew up to be a lovely woman like her mother .
she had her heavy suitcase carried by the porter .
she has a claim on her deceased husband's estate .
she herself helped him because no one else would .
she hid the secret from her husband all her life .
she is very shy and feels ill at ease at parties .
she lost her father when she was three years old .
she makes excellent meals in the blink of an eye .
she pleaded with him to stay a little bit longer .
she stared at him and that made him very nervous .
she used to wash her hair before going to school .
she was able to solve the problem in ten minutes .
she was asked to convince him to paint the house .
simmer the butter and garlic in a small saucepan .
since it stopped raining , he went out for a walk .
sister , don't let this patient out of your sight .
some of the books that he has are english novels .
some people laugh at his jokes , but others don't .
some people still believe that the world is flat .
stay down or you might get hit by a stray bullet .
tell me if you're going to give it to him or not .
tell me what you eat , i'll tell you what you are .
tell me your phone number and i'll call you back .
thanks for bringing me up to date on this matter .
thanks to the bad weather , the game was canceled .
that problem has been shelved for the time being .
that took much more time than i thought it would .
that was the hardest thing i ever did in my life .
that's one of the funniest jokes i've ever heard .
that's one of the weirdest things i've ever seen .
the baby is in his crib , sucking on his pacifier .
the beach is an ideal place for children to play .
the boy pressed his face against the shop window .
the boy said that the taxi vanished into the fog .
the children went to school in spite of the rain .
the children were so noisy that i couldn't study .
the dead fish on the beach are starting to smell .
the death toll from the hurricane climbed to 200 .
the door swung open and tom walked into the room .
the easiest way to get to the island is by ferry .
the fight began with the rapid exchange of blows .
the food at that restaurant is too greasy for me .
the government is trying to get rid of pollution .
the group was made up of six girls and four guys .
the hard rain spoiled our hike through the woods .
the heavy snow made them put off their departure .
the history of china is older than that of japan .
the house was more expensive than i had expected .
the hunter aimed a shotgun at the flock of birds .
the job earns him half a million yen every month .
the king and his family live in the royal palace .
the king reigned over his people for forty years .
the lamp was suspended from the branch of a tree .
the mail train lost most of its mail in the fire .
the man driving the bus is a good friend of mine .
the mayor presented him with the key to the city .
the media blew the whole thing out of proportion .
the money should be distributed to those in need .
the new bridge will have been completed by march .
the newspaper is on the table next to the window .
the old lady met a lovely young girl in the park .
the older we grow , the poorer our memory becomes .
the one who uses this toothbrush isn't my mother .
the only thing that matters is that you are safe .
the police found the politician dead in his room .
the poor little girl did nothing but sob all day .
the poor young man finally became a great artist .
the population of china is 8 times that of japan .
the problem was that i had nothing to say to him .
the professor treated her as one of his students .
the rain wasn't heavy enough to put out the fire .
the rent is really cheap , so i'm not complaining .
the secret of success is not to think of failure .
the soccer game will be played , even if it rains .
the soldiers were ready to die for their country .
the time has come when i must tell you the truth .
the tree was felled with one hard blow of his ax .
the union is pressing for a ten-percent pay hike .
the waitress spread a white cloth over the table .
the water will come to a boil in 5 minutes or so .
the weather was so cold that the lake froze over .
there are a few apples on the tree , aren't there ?
there are a lot of beautiful roses in our garden .
there are a lot of things i have to do this week .
there are a number of nice restaurants near here .
there are many new programs to watch this spring .
there are more stars in the sky than i can count .
there are seven men and four women in my section .
there is a strong bond of affection between them .
there is little hope of his winning the election .
there is little , if any , hope of his being alive .
there is no possibility of the bill being passed .
there is plenty of space in the loft for storage .
there was a brazilian girl in my class last year .
there was a car accident near here , wasn't there ?
there was not enough evidence to find him guilty .
there were three empty wine bottles on the table .
there's a policeman outside who wants to see you .
there's a sticker on the box that says fragile .
there's no need to hurry . we have plenty of time .
there's no need to panic . there's plenty of time .
there's no one in the house . they're all outside .
there's not enough light in this room for sewing .
there's really no reason for you to go to boston .
there's something i'd like you to take a look at .
they are hardly likely to come at this late hour .
they are sitting in the kitchen and drinking tea .
they came up with a plan after a long discussion .
they dug through the mountain and built a tunnel .
they might pay me more if i could use a computer .
they say that you never get over your first love .
they will tear down the old building in two days .
things just haven't been the same since you left .
this article reminds me of something i saw on tv .
this book is surprisingly easy to read , isn't it ?
this flower is the most beautiful of all flowers .
this is by far the tallest building in this city .
this is the last time i'm telling you to do that .
this is the most interesting book i've ever read .
this is the pen that he signed the document with .
this part of the library is closed to the public .
this piano has probably not been tuned for years .
this store doesn't stay open as late as i'd like .
this tastes a lot better than what i usually eat .
this will be one of the best memories of my life .
tom always drinks his coffee black with no sugar .
tom always walks to school when it isn't raining .
tom and i couldn't agree on what we needed to do .
tom and mary both left the room at the same time .
tom and mary spent the night out under the stars .
tom asked mary to go out to have dinner with him .
tom asked mary whether she'd like to go shopping .
tom called to say he wasn't coming to work today .
tom couldn't afford to buy the bicycle he wanted .
tom couldn't figure out how to export jpeg files .
tom didn't know he was supposed to do that today .
tom didn't know how to say thank you in french .
tom didn't know where mary had put her suitcases .
tom didn't know whether he should do that or not .
tom didn't say why he wasn't happy with our work .
tom didn't tell anyone that he'd won the lottery .
tom didn't think he'd ever get used to thai food .
tom didn't want to come here , but he came anyway .
tom doesn't even know what you are talking about .
tom doesn't have enough time for a cup of coffee .
tom doesn't know where mary learned how to drive .
tom doesn't think i'm interested in what he does .
tom doesn't want mary to go anywhere without him .
tom doesn't want to go to such a dangerous place .
tom forgot to tell us not to drink the tap water .
tom gave mary a gift certificate on her birthday .
tom grabbed mary's right hand with his left hand .
tom had his wallet stolen while he was in boston .
tom hardly spoke any french when i first met him .
tom has a history of arrests for drunken driving .
tom has already told mary not to do that anymore .
tom has been in the hospital since christmas eve .
tom has lived in australia for over thirty years .
tom is in the garden , and mary is in the kitchen .
tom is our oldest child and mary is the youngest .
tom isn't the only one here who can speak french .
tom kicked down the door and entered mary's room .
tom knew mary couldn't do that without some help .
tom must be aware that mary is john's girlfriend .
tom only sees his family at christmas and easter .
tom put the first aid kit back where he found it .
tom said mozart is one of his favorite composers .
tom said he just had to eat something right away .
tom said he wouldn't buy any of mary's paintings .
tom said he'd like to have another cup of coffee .
tom said that he won't do that unless i help him .
tom saves his pennies and puts them in a big jar .
tom sent everyone in the office a christmas card .
tom showed mary how to boil water in a paper cup .
tom spends all his free time playing video games .
tom started screaming at me for no reason at all .
tom still isn't used to the way things work here .
tom takes the trash out every day at six o'clock .
tom told me he didn't take french in high school .
tom walked across the room and opened the window .
tom wanted to take mary in his arms and kiss her .
tom was arrested as a suspect in a criminal case .
tom was born three days before christmas of 2013 .
tom was probably the shortest person in the room .
tom was the one who taught me how to milk a goat .
tom wasn't aware of the gravity of the situation .
tom's face feels rough because he needs to shave .
tom , mary , john and i often play cards on monday .
two years went by before i could find a good job .
we all need to learn to deal with this situation .
we all thought it would be impossible to do that .
we are still clinging to the dreams of our youth .
we arrived at the museum after a ten-minute walk .
we both know you don't live where you say you do .
we can't rule out the possibility of an accident .
we don't have the time to discuss this right now .
we got up early so that we could see the sunrise .
we had native guides on our trip to the mountain .
we had to postpone the gathering because of rain .
we have a lot of good restaurants here in boston .
we have to make sure that we never do this again .
we hid behind a bush so that no one would see us .
we hurried to the airport only to miss the plane .
we looked at the sky , but couldn't see any stars .
we need to add some statistics to the powerpoint .
we need to remember to mail this letter tomorrow .
we sat in lawn chairs and stared at the mountain .
we saved a lot of time by going down park street .
we should be able to finish this in a day or two .
we spent a lot of time looking for a parking lot .
we were glad when we saw a light in the distance .
we were on the point of leaving when tom arrived .
we'll allow a 5 percent discount off list prices .
we're going to my folks' for christmas this year .
we've decided to move the meeting to next sunday .
we've done something similar to that in the past .
what are some foods you usually eat with a spoon ?
what are you doing buying a house that expensive ?
what difference would it make if people did that ?
what do you think of when you look at this photo ?
what do you want me to do with this plot of land ?
what if i told you i really want to be a teacher ?
what is the best way to learn a foreign language ?
what they did next was bad , even by my standards .
what was the best present you got last christmas ?
what was the name of the movie we saw last night ?
what'll you do if i don't give you my permission ?
what's the fastest way to get to the post office ?
what's the real reason you don't want to do this ?
when i give an order , i expect it to be followed .
when i hear that song , i think about my hometown .
when i really want something , i work hard for it .
when the boss finds out , heads are going to roll .
when was the last time you had a really good cry ?
whether you like it or not , you'll have to do it .
which do you like better , white wine or red wine ?
who do you expect to get christmas presents from ?
who do you think will win this year's super bowl ?
who do you think you are to speak to me that way ?
who is currently the richest person in the world ?
who sings the best of all the boys in your class ?
who will reap the benefits from lower oil prices ?
why are you sorry for something you haven't done ?
why do you always want to do things the hard way ?
why do you have such a negative approach to life ?
why don't you meet me out front in a few minutes ?
why don't you start by telling us where you went ?
winning a lottery is an easy way of making money .
would you be willing to help me clean the garage ?
would you like me to teach you how to play chess ?
would you like to add anything to what i've said ?
would you mind if we put this off until tomorrow ?
yes , it's true , but he doesn't need to know that .
you always have to have the last word , don't you ?
you are free to do as you please with your money .
you are mad to go out in the snow without a coat .
you can use margarine as a substitute for butter .
you can watch tv after you've done your homework .
you can't be too careful in situations like this .
you can't hurt me any more than you already have .
you can't just make up the rules as you go along .
you can't leave until you've said goodbye to tom .
you can't make me do anything i don't want to do .
you don't get up as early as your sister , do you ?
you don't really want to talk about this , do you ?
you don't understand how worried i was about you .
you have the freedom to travel wherever you like .
you have to work harder to make up for lost time .
you may take either the big box or the small one .
you must bear in mind what i've just said to you .
you must do the work , even if you do not like it .
you must pay attention to what your teacher says .
you need to calm down and pull yourself together .
you should have told me about the problem sooner .
you shouldn't drink so much coffee late at night .
you'll get into trouble if your parents find out .
you're still too young to get a driver's license .
you're the kind of guitarist i like to sing with .
you're the one who decided to do this job , right ?
you're the second person to say that to me today .
you've got to be crazy to do something like that .
your tea will get cold if you don't drink it now .
do you like it ? the food was better in prison .
how long will the meeting last ? for two hours .
i can't figure this out . that makes two of us .
i'm going shopping . do you want to come ? sure !
is tom your boyfriend ? no , he's just a friend .
shall i heat this up ? no thank you , it's fine .
when do you watch tv ? i watch tv after dinner .
why aren't you going ? because i don't want to .
why didn't you kiss mary ? she wouldn't let me .
will he pass the examination ? i am afraid not .
a bad writer's prose is full of hackneyed phrases .
a boy of seventeen is often as tall as his father .
a doctor tried to remove the bullet from his back .
a fallen leaf floated on the surface of the water .
a gang of three robbed the bank in broad daylight .
a good many people have told me to take a holiday .
a green carpet will not go with this blue curtain .
a piano is expensive , but a car is more expensive .
a poor rice harvest will get us into real trouble .
a thief broke in and made off with all my jewelry .
a trip to mars may become possible in my lifetime .
after working all week , we took it easy on sunday .
all of the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs .
all the members of the committee hate one another .
although i may be unhappy , i won't commit suicide .
although he was wrong , he didn't say he was sorry .
an animal can be much more dangerous when wounded .
anyone can learn to juggle with a bit of practice .
are you content with your position in the company ?
are you doing anything special for new year's eve ?
are you sure you don't want to wait till tomorrow ?
as a boy , he would go to the seaside every summer .
as more paper money came into use , the value fell .
as strange as it may sound , what tom said is true .
at a young age , i had to learn to fend for myself .
at any rate , it will be a good experience for you .
at first , they were all convinced he was innocent .
both drinking and smoking are bad for your health .
both of my parents were brought up in the country .
both of us began to smile almost at the same time .
by the time we got there , it was already too late .
by the way , what happened to the money i lent you ?
can i have the paper when you're finished with it ?
can you make it so she can get on that tv program ?
can you please tell me what time the train leaves ?
can you remember the first time we met each other ?
can you touch your toes without bending your legs ?
canada is really big and there are lots of people .
certain details of the crime were not made public .
christmas has always been a wonderful time for me .
compared to you , i'm just a beginner at this game .
could you arrange not to be there on friday night ?
could you keep an eye on my suitcase for a moment ?
could you please tell me again who your father is ?
could you verify that your computer is plugged in ?
did you get a christmas present for tom this year ?
did you know there's more than one way to do this ?
did you meet many interesting people at the party ?
did you pick up on that strange tone in his voice ?
do these two sentences really mean the same thing ?
do unto others as you would have them do unto you .
do you have a rough idea of how long it will take ?
do you have any empty cardboard boxes i could use ?
do you have any idea what tom was doing in boston ?
do you know tom well enough to ask him to do this ?
do you know anyone who was on that ship that sunk ?
do you know where i might find small cowboy boots ?
do you know where i'll end up if i take this road ?
do you know who that tall blonde girl in green is ?
do you mind if i open the window and air the room ?
do you really want to put your money in that bank ?
do you take any medication for any medical issues ?
do you think i can use my cellphone in the shower ?
do you think it's wise to wear your uniform today ?
do you think that handguns should be made illegal ?
does anyone here know how to operate this machine ?
don't be so greedy or you'll wind up with nothing .
don't disappoint me the way you did the other day .
don't feel obligated to talk if you don't want to .
don't forget to turn off the gas before going out .
don't put that there . somebody might trip over it .
don't tell your father you want to become a clown .
don't worry about your dog . i'll take care of him .
don't you have another one that's a little larger ?
every day my dad leaves for work at eight o'clock .
every time i see this photo , i think of my father .
every time he comes here , he orders the same dish .
father suddenly got sick and we sent for a doctor .
first of all , let me say how glad i am to be here .
for certain tasks , my computer can be very useful .
for once in my life , i want to do the right thing .
france has a higher birthrate than most of europe .
get me all the information you can on this matter .
had he heard the news , he might have been shocked .
have there been any signs of the missing children ?
have you ever seen a shark over three meters long ?
have you ever served as a witness in a court case ?
have you heard from him since he left for america ?
have you left the country within the last 30 days ?
have you seen a little girl with short black hair ?
he always gets home at six o'clock in the evening .
he apologized to us for having broken his promise .
he began his meal by drinking half a glass of ale .
he betrayed us by telling the enemy where we were .
he chose not to run for the presidential election .
he described the accident in detail to the police .
he didn't know what to say , so he remained silent .
he didn't say so , but he implied that i was lying .
he doesn't have the necessary skills for that job .
he drove the car , listening to music on the radio .
he endeavored to make his wife happy , but in vain .
he failed in his attempt to swim across the river .
he failed to become a cabinet member at that time .
he fashioned a walking stick from a fallen branch .
he got his arm broken while he was playing soccer .
he has not come yet . he may have missed the train .
he has to have his blood pressure taken every day .
he intimated that all is not well in his marriage .
he is hailed as the father of modern anthropology .
he is looking at what used to be my father's desk .
he is not a patient but a doctor in this hospital .
he is the only one of my friends that is talented .
he is , without question , the best man for the job .
he laid down his pen and leaned back in his chair .
he memorized that poem when he was five years old .
he must be crazy to go out in this stormy weather .
he never fails to write to his mother every month .
he never takes any notice of what his father says .
he picked up the rifle and aimed it at the target .
he recently traded in his jeep for a new mercedes .
he said that he had told you to speak more slowly .
he thinks he is somebody , but really he is nobody .
he told us such a funny story that we all laughed .
he tried with all his might to push the door open .
he used a headache as an excuse for leaving early .
he was angry because i wouldn't give him any help .
he was elected to the senate in the last election .
he was one of the unsung heroes of the revolution .
he went on talking as though nothing had happened .
his father passed away last night in the hospital .
his house is within a stone's throw of his school .
hokkaido is located in the northern part of japan .
hoover was born in the farm state of iowa in 1874 .
how could you take that job without consulting me ?
how long would it take me to get to where you are ?
how many christmas presents did you get this year ?
how many of the words on this list don't you know ?
how much money did you spend on clothes last year ?
how much money did you spend on your last holiday ?
how much oil is spilled into the ocean every year ?
how old were you when you started studying french ?
how old were you when your family moved to boston ?
i absolutely must know what you're planning to do .
i am grateful to you for inviting me to the party .
i am not sure , but i think i want to be a teacher .
i am not used to being spoken to in that rude way .
i am of the opinion that this is the way to do it .
i am surprised that she refused such a good offer .
i am very happy that you have agreed to that plan .
i am very lucky to have friends who care about me .
i am very surprised that she became a diet member .
i arrived at the bus stop just after the bus left .
i asked tom to come yesterday , but he didn't come .
i asked tom to lend me some money , but he refused .
i ate lunch at around eleven because i was hungry .
i beg your pardon . i didn't quite catch your name .
i came across this book in a secondhand bookstore .
i came near being drowned , trying to rescue a boy .
i came to the conclusion that something was wrong .
i can drive to boston and back on one tank of gas .
i can't afford to rent a house like this in tokyo .
i can't afford to shop at such an expensive store .
i can't believe you did all this without any help .
i can't believe you weren't as impressed as i was .
i can't even remember what we were fighting about .
i can't stand being laughed at in front of others .
i can't understand why you are so critical of him .
i copied a passage from the book into my notebook .
i could really make things hard for you , you know .
i didn't have chains for my car , so i stayed home .
i didn't know tom could play the trombone so well .
i didn't know football was such a dangerous sport .
i didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that .
i didn't know that you could speak french so well .
i didn't know what made my leg swell up like that .
i don't care why tom did it . i'm just glad he did .
i don't have the authority to give you permission .
i don't know if we're going to be able to do that .
i don't know what would happen if i ever lost you .
i don't know when i'll get around to visiting you .
i don't like her , because she always puts on airs .
i don't mind helping you clean up after the party .
i don't plan to go back to boston until christmas .
i don't switch on the light in my studio at night .
i don't think i could ever get used to this smell .
i don't think i'll have the time to do that today .
i don't think i've heard that word in a long time .
i don't think tom knows what mary's blood type is .
i don't think tom knows where mary parked her car .
i don't think that tom would've said that to mary .
i don't think there's any harm in telling you now .
i don't think this is going to work , to be honest .
i don't want to be a disappointment to my parents .
i don't want to hear about all your ex-boyfriends .
i don't want to hear about your personal problems .
i don't want to work at a supermarket all my life .
i don't worry about those kinds of things anymore .
i don't yet know whether i need to do that or not .
i entered tom's office after knocking on the door .
i expect him to get over the shock of his failure .
i felt like singing loudly when the exam was over .
i felt my hands shaking and my heart beating fast .
i folded my clothes and put them into my suitcase .
i forgot i was supposed to bring a bottle of wine .
i forgot my lunch and bought a sandwich at school .
i found a pair of sunglasses by the swimming pool .
i fully intend to do everything i said i would do .
i gained back the weight i'd lost over the summer .
i gave my sister a pearl necklace on her birthday .
i get the feeling you don't really want me to win .
i got to the bus stop just after the bus had left .
i grew tomatoes last year and they were very good .
i had difficulty getting a ticket for the concert .
i had never seen a giraffe till i visited the zoo .
i had no idea it would put you to so much trouble .
i had no other choice but to take him at his word .
i hate it when you pretend like you don't know me .
i hate when other people make me wait a long time .
i have a driver's license , but i don't have a car .
i have a few things to finish up before i go home .
i have a friend whose father is a famous novelist .
i have a headache and i am suffering from a cough .
i have an appointment i don't want to be late for .
i have an older brother who's the same age as you .
i have attached a pdf file of my curriculum vitae .
i have no practical reason to learn that language .
i have nowhere to sleep . can i crash on your sofa ?
i have the feeling you had something else in mind .
i have to take the book back to the library today .
i have two dogs . one is white and the other black .
i haven't yet done everything that has to be done .
i hope you and your family have a merry christmas .
i just got up . give me a few minutes to get ready .
i just want to tell tom before somebody else does .
i just want you to think about me once in a while .
i know her by sight , but i've never spoken to her .
i know it's in the apartment , but i can't find it .
i know that tune , but i can't remember the lyrics .
i know you don't want to talk about what happened .
i like to spread honey on my toast in the morning .
i made a list of things i needed to bring with me .
i made an appointment to see him at seven o'clock .
i managed to acquire the book after a long search .
i may be the only person who knows how to do that .
i met an american who was interested in noh plays .
i mistook her for minako . they look so much alike .
i need to find something to open this bottle with .
i need to know everything that you know about tom .
i need to understand the meaning of this sentence .
i never remember the funny stories people tell me .
i never stay anywhere long enough to make friends .
i only eat meat about three or four times a month .
i only have american coins in my pocket right now .
i only need this one . you can throw the rest away .
i pay most of my bills on the first of each month .
i persuaded the policeman not to shoot the monkey .
i played video games after i finished my homework .
i read in the newspaper that he had been murdered .
i really don't want to go out on a date with mary .
i really don't want to sit in the back of the bus .
i remember his face but i can't remember his name .
i said good night to my parents and went to bed .
i should go home before my parents start to worry .
i should turn in . i need my beauty sleep you know .
i spend less money on clothes than my sister does .
i spent the whole weekend at home on the computer .
i still have a lot of questions i want to ask you .
i still think it's unlikely that he'll come today .
i stood on a chair so i could reach the top shelf .
i stopped sending christmas cards a few years ago .
i talked with my parents about my studying abroad .
i think tom would've stayed longer if he could've .
i think it might rain today , but i could be wrong .
i think it's time for me to confront that problem .
i think it's time for me to get a bit of exercise .
i think it's time for me to make some new friends .
i think the prices in this store are way too high .
i think this project is moving on the right track .
i think we all drank a little too much last night .
i think we can come up with better plan than this .
i think you need to find yourself a part-time job .
i think you want this more than you want to admit .
i thought tom and mary were married to each other .
i thought tom would appreciate the gift from mary .
i thought tom would speak french better than mary .
i thought maybe i'd better not go home right away .
i thought she wouldn't notice that he wasn't here .
i thought you'd been killed . i'm glad i was wrong .
i told her not to let go of the rope , but she did .
i told my secretary to cancel all my appointments .
i took a taxi from the train station to the hotel .
i took my shoes off and threw them out the window .
i tore a hole in my jeans when i fell off my bike .
i tried to do everything that i could to stop tom .
i understand now why he didn't go to a university .
i usually go out with my friends on friday nights .
i want my children to have the best of everything .
i want some beautiful flowers to put on the table .
i want to find somewhere i can sit down and relax .
i want to get tom something nice for his birthday .
i want to keep doing this for as long as possible .
i want to know how much time tom spent doing that .
i want to show you something i've been working on .
i want you to know that i can't be there tomorrow .
i want you to know that i meant every word i said .
i want you to say you're not going back to boston .
i want you to take care of tom for a little while .
i want you to tell me what you really think of me .
i want you to treat me a little nicer from now on .
i wanted to go there with her , but i was too busy .
i wanted to make sure we didn't cause the problem .
i wanted to talk more , but she just hung up on me .
i wanted you to understand what you're up against .
i was just about to leave when it started raining .
i was planning to go there by bike , but it rained .
i was so afraid that no one would ask me to dance .
i was taking a shower , so i didn't hear the phone .
i went on vacation , and my plants are still alive .
i will see to it that everything is ready in time .
i will wait until you have finished your homework .
i wish i could go with you , but as it is , i can't .
i wish he would make up his mind one way or other .
i wish the subway wasn't so crowded every morning .
i wonder whether tom will really get here on time .
i wonder why people always want to know the truth .
i would buy this watch , except it's too expensive .
i would have bought that car if i'd had the money .
i would never have guessed that tom couldn't swim .
i would've never guessed that tom was from boston .
i wouldn't do that for all the money in the world .
i wrote a song about what happened here last year .
i wrote down his phone number on a scrap of paper .
i wrote him a letter asking him to come home soon .
i'd like tom to spend some time with our children .
i'd like to sing a song for you that i just wrote .
i'd like to talk to the doctor alone for a moment .
i'd love to marry you , but my family won't let me .
i'll be grateful to you if you can do that for me .
i'll never forget having a good time with you all .
i'll never forget your kindness as long as i live .
i'm a little hesitant about going there by myself .
i'm anxious to know the results of the blood test .
i'm going to lay aside that money for emergencies .
i'm going to wear these shoes on our date tonight .
i'm not going to do anything you don't want me to .
i'm not going to help you if you don't want me to .
i'm not the least bit worried about losing my job .
i'm not very likely to be arrested for doing that .
i'm pretty sure that tom won't cancel the meeting .
i'm sorry to say , but the service isn't very good .
i'm sure we can figure out a way to get this done .
i'm surprised that your family has a japanese car .
i'm too tired to deal with this problem right now .
i'm very thankful for all that you've done for me .
i've been dyeing my hair for the last three years .
i've got to go to another dreary meeting tomorrow .
i've looked everywhere , but i can't find my purse .
if i could afford it , i would buy an electric car .
if i could , i would let every caged bird fly free .
if i refuse to fight , i'll be considered a coward .
if i'd written it down , i wouldn't have forgotten .
if he hadn't wasted time , he'd be finished by now .
if it were not for your help , i might have failed .
if my brother were here , he would know what to do .
if she had told me the truth , i wouldn't be angry .
if you are a good boy , i will give you this watch .
if you can't solve this problem , ask your teacher .
if you do it this way , you can save several hours .
if you follow my advice , you will have no trouble .
if you have a minute , you might want to read this .
if you have something to say , go ahead and say it .
if you look , you'll notice that he's turning left .
if you want to be happy , make somebody else happy .
if you're not careful , you might have an accident .
in her free time , she likes to be on the internet .
in my job i have to deal with all kinds of people .
in my opinion , french is a hard language to learn .
in spite of the heavy traffic , we arrived on time .
in the summer , days are long and nights are short .
is it all right to take pictures in this building ?
is there anything that makes your pain feel worse ?
is there something the two of you want to tell me ?
is this the first time you've eaten japanese food ?
it cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed .
it is cheap , but on the other hand it is not good .
it is difficult planning meals for so many people .
it is difficult to shoot a bird flying in the air .
it is extremely hot and humid in bali in december .
it is true that she is pretty , but she is selfish .
it is very careless of you to leave the door open .
it isn't easy to understand why you want to leave .
it looked like no one could stop president reagan .
it never occurred to him that she would get angry .
it never occurred to me that i might get arrested .
it rained so hard that the shrine was washed away .
it seems like the cat caught the scent of a mouse .
it takes you an hour to go to the station on foot .
it took a whole month to break in those new shoes .
it was a pity that tom couldn't come to our party .
it was at that very moment that the bomb went off .
it was mad of him to try to swim in the icy water .
it was nice of you to come all this way to see me .
it was raining heavily when i got up this morning .
it was raining when i got on the bus this morning .
it was very hard for her to suppress her emotions .
it was wise of you to take your umbrella with you .
it will only take a moment to answer the question .
it would be great if you could join us for dinner .
it would take a long time to tell the whole story .
it'll be hard to do that with your arm in a sling .
it'll take some time to get used to wearing a wig .
it'll take us three , maybe four weeks at the most .
it's an absolute waste of time to wait any longer .
it's been a long time since i've written anything .
it's dangerous to climb a mountain in bad weather .
it's difficult to get out of bed on cold mornings .
it's gotten dark . please turn on the light for me .
it's one of the most polluted cities in the world .
it's said that nothing is more precious than time .
it's supposed to rain every day for the next week .
it's thanks to his father that he owns this hotel .
it's very kind of you to help me with my homework .
japan today is not what it was even ten years ago .
jupiter is the largest planet in the solar system .
just as i was about to go out , it started raining .
just listening to that song makes me think of you .
just tell me the truth . i promise i won't get mad .
let me think it over , and i'll let you know later .
listen to your heart , and you will know it's true .
loneliness and being alone are not the same thing .
look both left and right before crossing the road .
many tv programs have a bad influence on children .
many people pushed their way toward the rear exit .
many young people are out of work in that country .
mary and alice both married men younger than them .
mary slipped off her robe and got into the shower .
may i have your name and telephone number , please ?
my alarm clock didn't work . that's why i was late .
my brother was threatened by someone waving a gun .
my brother went to the united states to study law .
my car is in the parking lot behind this building .
my father flew into a rage when he found that out .
my father planted this tree on the day i was born .
my father told me that world war ii ended in 1945 .
my hands are tied . i can't do anything about that .
my husband was probably drunk when he signed this .
my mother has sold everything that is dear to her .
my parents always told me to be wary of strangers .
my sister married a high school teacher last june .
my stomach aches so much that i can't fall asleep .
my teeth are totally healthy and free of problems .
my uncle lived in washington , d . c . for two years .
my uncle who lives in boston visited us last week .
my wife's taste in clothes is different from mine .
my younger brother can run about as fast as i can .
napoleon was exiled to the island of elba in 1814 .
no one will lay a finger on you as long as i live .
nobody cares how much the dinner is going to cost .
not all of the passengers were wearing seat belts .
not only did he teach school , but he wrote novels .
now that you are an adult , you should know better .
oh , sorry , i didn't know it was against the rules .
once she starts talking , there is no stopping her .
one of my favorite tunes was playing on the radio .
only one person knows the answer to this question .
our bike tour of the french alps lasted two weeks .
our city is rather small in comparison with tokyo .
our teacher often overlooked his name on the list .
owing to the storm , the ship could not leave port .
pay attention to what others around you are doing .
people are more educated now than they used to be .
people say i look about the same age as my sister .
please be sure to take one dose three times a day .
please fill in your name and address on this form .
please forward this to as many people as possible .
please let me see your passport and boarding pass .
please turn off the light when you leave the room .
remember to mail the letter on your way to school .
several people drowned , but many made it to shore .
she advised him not to go out by himself at night .
she advised him to talk about his life in america .
she always lets her children do what they want to .
she apologized to his father for coming home late .
she asked him to call her later , but he forgot to .
she asked him to help her father clean the garage .
she couldn't convince him to write a song for her .
she goes to the beauty salon at least once a week .
she heard him scream , so she ran into his bedroom .
she helped her father with the work in the garden .
she knows ten times as many english words as i do .
she married him only because her parents made her .
she sat on the bed as her mother braided her hair .
she seems to have something to do with the affair .
she tasted the cake to see if it was sweet enough .
she told him that she had seen me there last week .
she told me that her mother had bought it for her .
she warned the children not to play on the street .
she was indignant at the way she had been treated .
she was looking forward to going sailing with him .
she was looking forward to spending time with him .
she was playing the piano when the guests arrived .
she was ready to help him with cleaning the house .
she was standing on a ladder painting the ceiling .
she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen .
she waved at me before she got on board the plane .
she will make a business trip to london next week .
she wished she had been born twenty years earlier .
she wrote to him to tell him how wonderful he was .
some birds are sitting on the branch of that tree .
some flowers bloom in spring and others in autumn .
some kids broke into tom's house and ransacked it .
some of them are teachers , and some are engineers .
some people are never content with what they have .
someone broke into our house while we were asleep .
sooner or later , tom will likely agree to help us .
stop beating around the bush and get to the point .
that dry-cleaning business is a front for the mob .
that house is the only one that survived the fire .
that is the same umbrella that i found on the bus .
that last round of chemo really sapped his energy .
that tower you see over there is the eiffel tower .
that type of person almost never asks for a raise .
the coliseum was the former arena in ancient rome .
the mitsubishi bank merged with the bank of tokyo .
the accent of this word is on the second syllable .
the actress said that she was engaged to a banker .
the airline sent my suitcase to boston by mistake .
the architecture in this part of the city is ugly .
the assignment took me longer than i had expected .
the boy who lives next door often comes home late .
the building is surrounded by a barbed wire fence .
the cloning of human embryos is prohibited by law .
the doctors did everything they could to save tom .
the egg is a universal symbol of life and rebirth .
the gap between the rich and the poor is widening .
the green lampshade casts a warm glow in the room .
the guitar is so expensive that i can't afford it .
the house is too small for five people to live in .
the large audience clapped at the end of the song .
the last day of the year is called new year's eve .
the last three weeks have been really hard for me .
the local coffee shop was replaced by a starbucks .
the loss adds up to more than one million dollars .
the matter will be brought up at the next meeting .
the mere thought of it is enough to make me happy .
the monthly staff meeting is never held on monday .
the more chocolate you eat , the fatter you'll get .
the mosque was torched in the middle of the night .
the neighbors' son won the spelling bee at school .
the new tunnel will link great britain and france .
the official dinner took place at the white house .
the old man is always accompanied by his grandson .
the only thing that matters is that you are alive .
the outdoor concert was canceled due to the storm .
the patient is getting worse and worse day by day .
the pilot made an emergency landing in the desert .
the plane climbed to an altitude of 10 , 000 meters .
the price is low , but the quality isn't very good .
the price of rice rose by more than three percent .
the problem is that solar energy is too expensive .
the purpose of our trip is to visit a new factory .
the road up and the road down is one and the same .
the room was so smoky that i could hardly breathe .
the swimmer raised his head and gasped for breath .
the teacher has three times as many books as i do .
the time has come for you to play your trump card .
the train had already left when we got to station .
the trip was canceled because of a terrible storm .
the village in which he was born is far from here .
the villagers went in search of the missing child .
the wedding will be held in a 17th century church .
the whale shark is the largest shark in the world .
the woman managed the drunk as if he were a child .
the wreckage of the plane was found in the desert .
there are a lot of gifts under the christmas tree .
there are still some savage tribes on that island .
there are times when i'd like to be more like you .
there is no admission fee for children under five .
there is nothing like the smell of roasted coffee .
there were three of them and all three were armed .
there will be an energy crisis in the near future .
there's no reason for you to fear for your safety .
there's something else i need to discuss with you .
these are the names of the people i'm looking for .
these are the steps that lead straight to failure .
these shoes are so tight that i can't put them on .
they aren't children any more , but not adults yet .
they built a town in an area where two rivers met .
they waited on the porch until it stopped raining .
this bicycle is old , but it's better than nothing .
this hat is too small . please show me another one .
this is longer than any other bridge in the world .
this is one of the best christmases i've ever had .
this is one of the most dangerous places on earth .
this is the man that i see every day on the train .
this is the most massive structure i've ever seen .
this mountain is covered with snow all year round .
this part of the river is too shallow for a canoe .
this subject is not within the scope of our study .
this theory is too difficult for me to comprehend .
this tie isn't suitable for a situation like this .
those grapes look sweet , but in fact they're sour .
to my surprise , she could not answer the question .
to some extent , you can control the car in a skid .
tom always goes back home to boston for christmas .
tom and mary don't like the same kind of tv shows .
tom and mary never took their eyes off each other .
tom and mary sat on the building steps and talked .
tom and mary spent all morning cleaning the house .
tom and mary were surprised to see john and alice .
tom asked mary if she wanted him to walk her home .
tom asked mary whether she planned to swim or not .
tom asked me for more money than he really needed .
tom asked me if i had a black tie he could borrow .
tom attributed his failure in the exam to illness .
tom began living by himself at the age of sixteen .
tom certainly had a lot of time to think about it .
tom could barely hear what mary was trying to say .
tom decided to give mary everything she asked for .
tom didn't commit the crimes he's been accused of .
tom didn't get home until after 2:30 this morning .
tom didn't pay me as much as he promised he would .
tom didn't think his boss's plan was a viable one .
tom didn't want to work overtime on christmas eve .
tom doesn't believe a word of what mary just said .
tom doesn't brush his teeth as often as he should .
tom doesn't earn enough money to support a family .
tom flopped onto his bed and was soon fast asleep .
tom gets angry at the slightest hint of criticism .
tom had bruises all over his body after the fight .
tom had just turned on the tv when the fuses blew .
tom had never seen such a beautiful garden before .
tom had the only pool in town with a diving board .
tom hoped mary would come back home for christmas .
tom is living in a small apartment on park street .
tom is so intelligent that he stands out in class .
tom is wearing his wedding ring on the wrong hand .
tom isn't really as rich as everyone thinks he is .
tom isn't really sick . he's just pretending to be .
tom mistakenly ate his entree with his salad fork .
tom often eats popcorn when he's watching a movie .
tom opened the door even though i told him not to .
tom probably doesn't know what mary hopes he does .
tom rewrote his essay and turned it in a day late .
tom said he needed to spend a few weeks in boston .
tom said that he couldn't sleep at all last night .
tom said that someone named mary wanted to see me .
tom says he knows mary won't pass her french test .
tom says we can park on either side of the street .
tom sent a dozen roses to mary on valentine's day .
tom sent money to help mary care for her children .
tom skipped dinner saying he was too tired to eat .
tom stopped by the drugstore to buy some medicine .
tom thinks women in america wear too much perfume .
tom told mary that he didn't believe in astrology .
tom turned on the small lamp on his bedside table .
tom wanted mary to stay at home with the children .
tom wants to live in the country after he retires .
tom was stabbed to death by someone on the subway .
tom was there for me when i really needed someone .
tom wasn't born in boston . he was born in chicago .
tom went to the drugstore to buy some cough syrup .
tom's gotten fatter since the last time i saw him .
tom's parents got divorced when he was very young .
use your common sense in that kind of a situation .
walking down the street , i ran into an old friend .
we already have three events booked for next week .
we are sorry we are unable to accept your request .
we become very shorthanded at the end of the year .
we bought our plane tickets two months in advance .
we came to the conclusion that he should be fired .
we can't begin the meeting until we have a quorum .
we can't change history , but we can learn from it .
we can't stay here . the roof is about to collapse !
we didn't know how to do it , so we asked for help .
we had hardly reached there when it began to rain .
we had less snow this winter than we had expected .
we had to gear our lives to the new circumstances .
we have a lot of work to do before we can go home .
we have waited more than a week for your response .
we need to decide what's important and what isn't .
we only have enough food and water for three days .
we see each other at the supermarket now and then .
we spent hours trying to figure out how to fix it .
we were late for school because it rained heavily .
we wouldn't want to disobey the teacher , would we ?
we're here to make sure that doesn't happen again .
we're looking for somebody who can use a computer .
what accounts for the fact that women outlive men ?
what are some foods you usually eat with red wine ?
what are the chances we'll have a white christmas ?
what color are you going to paint your son's room ?
what did you think of the movies we saw yesterday ?
what do you think i should give tom for christmas ?
what do you want santa to bring you for christmas ?
what he meant by those words finally dawned on me .
what is the highest level of school you completed ?
what is the main purpose of your studying english ?
what is the poorest country in the european union ?
what movie was it that you told me i should watch ?
what sort of people hang out at a place like this ?
what was the first instrument you learned to play ?
what was your favorite book when you were a child ?
what you are is more important than what you have .
what's obvious is that you're not very happy here .
what's the difference between a rabbit and a hare ?
what's the difference between a star and a planet ?
what's the first question that comes to your mind ?
what's the name of the movie we watched yesterday ?
when i got up today , my throat felt a little sore .
when i lived in rome , i took the subway every day .
when i was a child , i played catch with my father .
when i was your age , i walked to school every day .
when mary was a girl , she was as cute as a button .
when angry , count to four . when very angry , swear .
when funds are limited , priorities need to be set .
when the last customer leaves , we close the doors .
when was the last time you had your vision tested ?
when was the last time you went to an art gallery ?
when will that picture i wanted enlarged be ready ?
where is the boarding gate for japan airlines 124 ?
whether we succeed or not , we have to do our best .
which is the most difficult language in the world ?
who will you give christmas presents to this year ?
why do so many people suffer from low self-esteem ?
why don't you ask me what you really want to know ?
why don't you tell me what you want for christmas ?
why have the apes evolved more than other animals ?
will we be in time for the beginning of the party ?
will you entertain the guests while i get dressed ?
women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition .
would you be so kind as to answer a few questions ?
would you like me to drive you back to your hotel ?
would you like to go camping with us next weekend ?
would you like to have tea with us this afternoon ?
would you mind if i poured myself a cup of coffee ?
wouldn't it be a better idea to cancel everything ?
yesterday night , i shared a cab with paris hilton .
you already know who i'm talking about , don't you ?
you are no better at remembering things than i am .
you are very fortunate that you have such friends .
you aren't really going to join the army , are you ?
you can get a car license after you turn eighteen .
you can make your dream come true by working hard .
you didn't seem to understand what tom was saying .
you don't have the qualifications to lead a group .
you don't need to thank me . i'm here to serve you .
you had better not wander around here by yourself .
you haven't told me why you asked me to come here .
you look like somebody i went to high school with .
you must be blind as a bat if you couldn't see it .
you must learn english whether you like it or not .
you seem to want me to talk you out of doing that .
you should know better than to ask a lady her age .
you should not have done it without my permission .
you should take an umbrella with you this morning .
you should try not to scratch your mosquito bites .
you shouldn't have gone to such a dangerous place .
you shouldn't have said that kind of thing to him .
you tried to stop tom from doing that , didn't you ?
you worry too much about what others think of you .
you'd better go to see your family doctor at once .
you're going to get injured if you're not careful .
you're the only person who ever comes to visit me .
your plan is a good one , but mine is a better one .
your sister is lazier than all the other students .
are we going to stay here ? i don't see why not .
can i come over and talk to you ? i'd like that .
do you like the way tom sings ? sure . don't you ?
how many children do you have ? i only have one .
how much money does tom make ? how would i know ?
tom likes mary . tell me something i don't know .
what is the weather like over there ? it's nice .
what were you just doing ? i was talking to tom .
you had better not wear the red dress . why not ?
you know tom , don't you ? i can't say that i do .
a child whose parents are dead is called an orphan .
a few days ago , you didn't even want to talk to me .
a great deal of energy is locked up in the nucleus .
a horseshoe and a four-leaf clover bring good luck .
a long spell of rainy weather is harmful to plants .
a magnet can pick up and hold many nails at a time .
a meal without wine is like a day without sunshine .
a mother must protect her child's teeth from decay .
a new building is being built in front of my house .
a person who chases two rabbits won't catch either .
a ponytail is the simplest hairstyle for long hair .
a room without books is like a body without a soul .
a sensible man wouldn't say such a thing in public .
a sentence doesn't have to be long to be beautiful .
a ship that transports oil is called an oil tanker .
a sprain like this should heal within a week or so .
above all , be careful about what you eat and drink .
after he heard the news , tom was in seventh heaven .
air pollution is a serious problem in this country .
all of a sudden , i felt a sharp pain in my stomach .
all sorts of rumors were floating around about her .
all the passengers aboard were killed in the crash .
anyone can do their bit to protect the environment .
apart from his parents , no one knows him very well .
are you going to do anything special for christmas ?
are you sure that you don't want me to go with you ?
aren't you the only one who has a key to this door ?
as far as i know , he has never made such a mistake .
as soon as i've finished doing that , i'll help you .
as soon as she saw me , she greeted me with a smile .
as soon as we got to the lake , we started swimming .
as usual , he was the last to arrive at the theater .
at least you'll have something to write home about .
at the end of the day , the right decision was made .
besides being an actress , she was a famous painter .
better the devil you know than the devil you don't .
both my father and my brother work in this factory .
by the time she gets there , it will be nearly dark .
can you explain why you turned down their proposal ?
can you imagine what the 21st century will be like ?
can you introduce me to a lawyer who speaks french ?
can you jump over a chair from a standing position ?
can't you hear all the car horns honking behind us ?
can't you keep your dog from coming into my garden ?
canada and mexico both share a border with the usa .
coffee prices have jumped almost 50% in six months .
could i have three seats in the unreserved section ?
could you tell me how to get to the subway station ?
crows all but destroyed the farmer's field of corn .
did tom ever tell you what he wanted for christmas ?
did you get a christmas present from tom this year ?
did you hear about the time tom tried to kill mary ?
do what you can , with what you have , where you are .
do you have any children you haven't told me about ?
do you know which room the meeting will be held in ?
do you really think that i don't know what you did ?
do you still want me to give tom your old computer ?
do you think there's a chance i could get that job ?
do you want to go see a movie after dinner tonight ?
don't just stand there . come over here and help me .
don't just stand there . come over here and help us .
don't let the truth get in the way of a good story .
don't mind me . just keep doing what you were doing .
don't people tell you you look like audrey hepburn ?
don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today .
don't trust people who praise you in your presence .
don't you think we should at least give tom a call ?
dozens of houses were burned down in that big fire .
driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck .
during hot weather , be sure to drink lots of water .
empty your pockets and put everything on the table .
even if you are busy , you should keep your promise .
even though she was a heavy woman , she danced well .
every day , i travel more than a hundred kilometers .
every time i went to his house , he was not at home .
for me , being a doctor isn't a job , it's a calling .
friends are easy to find , but they're hard to keep .
from our point of view , his proposal is reasonable .
go change quickly or else i won't take you with me .
have you ever been treated for a bladder infection ?
have you given any more thought to what i told you ?
have you noticed any changes in your hair or nails ?
he became the company president when he was thirty .
he came all the way to talk over a problem with me .
he can't chew well , because he has a toothache now .
he confided in me things he would tell no one else .
he confirmed that something was wrong with his car .
he couldn't attend the meeting because he was sick .
he dedicated his whole life to helping poor people .
he didn't answer the phone , so i sent him an email .
he didn't make public what he had discovered there .
he doesn't even drink beer , not to mention whiskey .
he doesn't have the necessary skills for that task .
he doesn't work here now , but he used to work here .
he felt himself seized by a strong arm from behind .
he finally made a name for himself as a politician .
he flinches whenever he hears a loud , sudden noise .
he gave me his office telephone number and address .
he got up and left in the middle of the discussion .
he had been reading for two hours when she came in .
he had led the republican party with great success .
he has given up smoking for the sake of his health .
he has no right to interfere in our family affairs .
he introduced me to his relatives at the reception .
he is a type of a person who calls a spade a spade .
he is going to stay with his uncle for the weekend .
he is not aggressive enough to succeed in business .
he is proud that his father was a famous scientist .
he is the only one that doesn't observe the custom .
he kicked his shoes off without untying them first .
he left the office without saying a word to anyone .
he lingered in the classroom after school was over .
he makes it a rule to write in his diary every day .
he refused our offer to arrange a press conference .
he said he would give me a call , but he hasn't yet .
he succeeded in business at the cost of his health .
he suddenly hung up the phone while i was speaking .
he tried in vain to convince them of his innocence .
he was very tall and thin , with long arms and legs .
he went to italy for the purpose of studying music .
he went to see her in the hospital every other day .
he will never live up to his parent's expectations .
he wrote a book about his adventures in the jungle .
his car spun out of control going around the curve .
his fake moustache started to peel off on one side .
his income is now double what it was ten years ago .
his story was too ridiculous for anyone to believe .
honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom .
how can you be so passive ? why don't you retaliate ?
how dare you tell me what i should or shouldn't do !
how do you help someone who doesn't want your help ?
how do you remove red wine stains from your carpet ?
how do you take your coffee , with or without sugar ?
how long does it take to the train station by taxi ?
how long has it been since you saw your girlfriend ?
how long has it been since you've had a girlfriend ?
how many christmas presents did you give this year ?
how many different kinds of pizzas are on the menu ?
how many hours a day does she spend in the kitchen ?
how many letters are there in the english alphabet ?
how many people does it take to change a lightbulb ?
how much time does she need to translate this book ?
however hard you try , you can't finish it in a day .
i advise you not to borrow money from your friends .
i agree with your interpretation to a large extent .
i always drink a glass of milk before going to bed .
i am sure i can get in touch with him by telephone .
i am wondering if i could be of any service to you .
i borrowed my father's hammer to build a dog house .
i came here to discuss a personal problem with you .
i can assure you that honesty pays in the long run .
i can draw you a picture of that if you want me to .
i can show you where it is . it's not far from here .
i can sing this song without looking at the lyrics .
i can't believe that you actually got into harvard .
i can't believe you'd do something like that to me .
i can't buy this because i don't have enough money .
i can't get over how different the weather is here .
i can't remember the last time i laughed this much .
i can't study anywhere in my house . it's too noisy .
i can't tell her now . it's not that simple anymore .
i can't tell you how much your support means to us .
i can't understand why she doesn't love me anymore .
i chased the thief , but i wasn't able to catch him .
i could tell you that i love you , but i'd be lying .
i couldn't bring myself to throw your picture away .
i couldn't prevent tom from eating all the cookies .
i deal in facts and figures , not vague impressions .
i didn't answer your letter because i was too busy .
i didn't eat the bread because the crust was moldy .
i didn't feel very well , but i went to work anyway .
i didn't know tom and mary were brother and sister .
i didn't know whether i wanted to go to university .
i didn't use to like wine , but now i like it a lot .
i don't earn enough money to buy clothes regularly .
i don't even want to think about what could happen .
i don't feel well today and prefer to stay at home .
i don't feel well . could you give me some medicine ?
i don't have enough money to buy everything i need .
i don't have enough money to pay this month's rent .
i don't know how long the meeting is going to last .
i don't know how you lasted five years in that job .
i don't know if i can make it to your party or not .
i don't know if i'll be able to help you on monday .
i don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing .
i don't know whether he'll come by train or by car .
i don't like fish very much and hardly ever eat it .
i don't read any of the messages that tom sends me .
i don't really want to bother you with my problems .
i don't really want to pay that much for a new car .
i don't recognize any of the people in the picture .
i don't think i could forgive myself if i did that .
i don't think i have the willpower to stop smoking .
i don't think i'll ever be forgiven for doing that .
i don't think tv will ever take the place of books .
i don't think this is the best time to talk to tom .
i don't understand why she doesn't love me anymore .
i don't want to be late for class on the first day .
i don't want to see him , let alone go out with him .
i don't want to think about what could've happened .
i feel terrible , but i've just broken your ashtray .
i fell in love with someone my parents didn't like .
i figured you wouldn't want to go there without me .
i found it necessary to get up early every morning .
i found the diary that my father kept for 30 years .
i found this book interesting from start to finish .
i get nervous when i speak before a large audience .
i get the feeling you don't really want me to stay .
i go to the office by bicycle except on rainy days .
i got a rash on my hands from dishwasher detergent .
i got the impression you didn't believe tom either .
i got up on the wrong side of the bed this morning .
i guess i should've known tom wasn't going to help .
i guess you heard about what happened this morning .
i guess you think you're pretty special , don't you ?
i had a couple of questions , but i didn't ask them .
i had a nice long chat with my girlfriend's father .
i had the chance to buy that , but i decided not to .
i had things to do , so i couldn't leave right away .
i had to push my bicycle because i had a flat tire .
i have a lot of friends that can speak french well .
i have faith in your ability to do the right thing .
i have practiced piano every day for fifteen years .
i have to stay at a hotel near the airport tonight .
i haven't heard you play the guitar in a long time .
i hope that you won't make the same mistake as tom .
i just don't want to have people thinking i'm weak .
i just know that i don't want to be married to you .
i just met the most beautiful woman i've ever seen .
i just thought you might want to go skiing with us .
i just want to make enough money to feed my family .
i just want you to know how much i appreciate this .
i knew all along that tom wasn't telling the truth .
i know a guy who goes fishing almost every weekend .
i know who didn't do what they were supposed to do .
i know you didn't really want to come on this trip .
i know you've spent the last three years in prison .
i live with my mother , brother and my grandparents .
i mistook you for your sister when i first saw you .
i moved out of my parent's house to live on my own .
i need some cardboard boxes to pack my possessions .
i never for a moment imagined that i'd be homeless .
i never realized how hard it must be to be a woman .
i never should've let you go home alone last night .
i only did that because i had nothing better to do .
i ought to have consulted my parents on the matter .
i put the used syringes in a can for safe disposal .
i ran across a rare book in a secondhand bookstore .
i ran outside and the door locked itself behind me .
i really need to go outside and get some fresh air .
i received a $300 gift card from tom for christmas .
i reminded him of his interview with the president .
i sometimes hear my father singing in the bathroom .
i still can't believe i'm going to be on your team .
i suppose i'd better be more careful the next time .
i suppose you'll need a crowbar to open that crate .
i think tom didn't understand what you were saying .
i think a movie is more entertaining than any book .
i think it's a little more sophisticated than that .
i think it's about time we got down to brass tacks .
i think it's going to get steadily hotter from now .
i think there's no point in trying to convince her .
i think there's no point in trying to convince him .
i think you need to buy a new pair of hiking boots .
i think you should buy yourselves some new clothes .
i think you should stick to your training schedule .
i thought for sure you would stay in japan forever .
i thought it'd be fun to sing a few songs together .
i thought you didn't want to talk about this stuff .
i thought you said you didn't want to be disturbed .
i told tom the reasons that he should study french .
i told you guys to go home . why are you still here ?
i took the 10:30 train , which was ten minutes late .
i usually have a ham and cheese sandwich for lunch .
i usually toss my loose change into my desk drawer .
i want guards posted here and i want them here now .
i want to apologize for the way i acted last night .
i want to clean the house before my parents return .
i want to discuss a very important matter with you .
i want to find out if the warranty has expired yet .
i want to get there early so we can get good seats .
i want to share this with my grandchildren one day .
i want to spend more time doing things that matter .
i want to talk with the manager about the schedule .
i want you to go to your room and pack your things .
i want you to know i really didn't want to do that .
i wanted to help , but there was nothing i could do .
i was just about to go out when it started raining .
i watched a movie in french with english subtitles .
i went to the supermarket and bought a bag of rice .
i wish i had a cushy office job with a nice salary .
i wish i had enough money to buy a house like that .
i wish my girlfriend would spend more time with me .
i wish that noise would stop . it gets on my nerves .
i wonder how many horses died during the civil war .
i wonder if i should talk to her about the problem .
i would rather you came on friday than on thursday .
i would sooner die than get up early every morning .
i wouldn't ask this of you if it weren't important .
i wouldn't have done that if you hadn't told me to .
i'd be delighted if they asked me to give a speech .
i'd be depressed if they asked me to quit the team .
i'd be surprised if they asked me to give a speech .
i'd like to call him . do you have his phone number ?
i'd like to speak with tom in private for a moment .
i'd like two scoops of ice cream in a cone , please .
i'll explain to you how to use it when i come back .
i'll get in touch with you again about this matter .
i'll go to boston to visit my family for christmas .
i'm afraid the bank is going to repossess my house .
i'm glad to have this opportunity to work with you .
i'm going drinking with some of my friends tonight .
i'm going to explain all this in more detail later .
i'm looking for an apartment in the center of town .
i'm looking forward to spending more time with you .
i'm not sure whether i'll be able to come with you .
i'm one of the thirty people who needed to do that .
i'm pretty sure tom knows what he's supposed to do .
i'm sure if you put your mind to it , you can do it .
i'm surprised tom doesn't know how to speak french .
i'm trying to find the person who owns this guitar .
i'm wondering what'll happen if i push this button .
i've already decided who to give my old bicycle to .
i've already done everything you've asked me to do .
i've already told you i'm not the one who did that .
i've been learning how to write kanji with a brush .
i've been wanting to tell you this for a long time .
i've done bad things that i should be punished for .
i've got a friend who works for the new york times .
i've got no place to go , so i'm going to stay here .
i've heard of him , but i don't know him personally .
i've learned not to put much stock in what he says .
i've looked everywhere , but i can't find my wallet .
i've never seen tom do what you say he always does .
i've never seen anything more beautiful in my life .
i've never told anyone that my father is in prison .
i've never told anyone why i have trouble sleeping .
i've only had my driver's license for three months .
if i create an example , will you correct it for me ?
if i have any more questions , where can i find you ?
if i tell her the truth , she will never forgive me .
if i were a rich man , i wouldn't have to work hard .
if he told me the truth , i would have forgiven him .
if it rains tomorrow , i'm not going to the meeting .
if my brother hadn't helped me , i would've drowned .
if that's what you want to do , i'll help you do it .
if you can't have children , you could always adopt .
if you don't have enough money , i'll lend you some .
if you don't pay rent , the landlord will evict you .
if you don't want to talk to me , you don't have to .
if you taste this sauce you'll find it a bit salty .
if you want to go to the art museum , take this bus .
in all likelihood , we shall be away for a few days .
in order to use a computer , you must learn to type .
in short , he's run off without paying off his debt .
in time , all these minor problems will be resolved .
interest will begin to accrue after the first year .
is there any difference between your idea and hers ?
it appears to me that you put on my hat by mistake .
it doesn't work so well because the battery is low .
it is abnormal to have the heart on the right side .
it is believed that whales have their own language .
it is said that he is the richest man in the world .
it is so dreadful that i don't want to think of it .
it isn't a good idea to ask a woman how old she is .
it isn't anything like as cold as it was yesterday .
it looks like the thief came in through the window .
it may be unwise of you to advertise your presence .
it rained all day long yesterday , so i stayed home .
it seems that the computer was infected by a virus .
it took me a couple of hours to solve this problem .
it turns out that we didn't need to do that anyway .
it was already dark when we arrived in the village .
it was believed that the sun went around the earth .
it was careless of you to leave the key in the car .
it was in 1939 that the second world war broke out .
it was such a pleasant day that we went for a walk .
it was too muggy for me to get to sleep last night .
it would be interesting to see if we could do that .
it would be prudent to worry about the details now .
it would be wise to focus on one problem at a time .
it would mean a great deal to me if you would stay .
it would seem that you know something that i don't .
it'll be difficult to glue the two pieces together .
it'll take some time to finish unloading the truck .
it's a fort built to defend the town from invasion .
it's a miracle that no one was killed in the crash .
it's ached before , but never as badly as right now .
it's bad weather , to be sure , but we've seen worse .
it's fun to learn slang words in foreign languages .
it's good to see that our efforts were not in vain .
it's hard to tell whether tom dyes his hair or not .
it's impossible to take on more work at the moment .
it's natural for family members to help each other .
it's no use pleading because they'll never give in .
it's no use pretending that you can't speak french .
it's not natural for a mother to outlive her child .
it's out of stock , but i can give you a rain check .
judging from his appearance , he must be a rich man .
just as we are talking , there was a loud explosion .
just tell me what you want me to do and i'll do it .
keep an eye on my suitcase while i buy the tickets .
let's go out and have a good time with our friends .
let's hope we can avoid this problem in the future .
let's just say things didn't go exactly as planned .
let's not do anything that might get us in trouble .
lie on the bench for a while with your eyes closed .
like all dogs , he'll chase a rabbit if he sees one .
losing your health is worse than losing your money .
many schools are closed today because of the storm .
many stores offer discounts in the month of august .
many young people in japan eat bread for breakfast .
my cat likes it when i scratch her behind the ears .
my dog is blind , but he loves to go out for a walk .
my dream is to become a very strong mahjong player .
my father loves doing some tinkering in the garage .
my mother is the first one to get up every morning .
my mother made me study for three hours last night .
my mother put thirteen candles on my birthday cake .
my parents sent me to fat camp when i was thirteen .
my parents threw me out of the house when i was 16 .
my sister dressed herself for the party in a hurry .
my uncle , who lives in osaka , visited us yesterday .
my wife did not attend the party and neither did i .
never choose a vocation just because it looks easy .
never go to a doctor whose office plants have died .
never in my life have i heard or seen such a thing .
no matter how he tried , he could not open the door .
no matter how long it takes , i will finish the job .
no one is so poor that he cannot afford to be neat .
now you've come of age , you have the right to vote .
oceans do not so much divide the world as unite it .
on the whole , i think your plan is a very good one .
one of the main products of this country is coffee .
one sniff of that stuff was enough to make me sick .
out of twenty students , only one had read the book .
out of twenty students , only one has read the book .
people say that he is the richest man in this town .
piercings can be a form of rebellion for teenagers .
please think it over and let me know your decision .
please turn off the lights when you leave the room .
please write your name at the bottom of this paper .
possibly the factory will be closed down next week .
president lincoln was what we call a self-made man .
refer to the users' guide if you have any problems .
retrace your steps and maybe you'll find your keys .
robert deniro made a cameo appearance in the movie .
rome was the largest city in the world at the time .
see to it that this problem gets fixed by tomorrow .
several of my friends have been to japan this year .
she agreed with him on what to do with the old car .
she always fed her children before she fed her dog .
she asked if she could use the phone , so i let her .
she asked me to look after her baby in her absence .
she can sing better than anybody else in her class .
she cleared the dishes from the table after dinner .
she has a very good relationship with her students .
she has three times as many dictionaries as you do .
she is capable of teaching both english and french .
she is firmly determined to own a store of her own .
she made it plain that she wanted to go to college .
she makes it a rule to get up at six every morning .
she replied that she had never seen the man before .
she scrubbed the floor of the kitchen with a brush .
she speaks english as if she were a native speaker .
she stretched to relieve the stiffness in her back .
she told us that we must call a doctor immediately .
she took a ten-day trip to europe with her friends .
she took off her old shoes and put on the new ones .
she tried to persuade him not to decline the offer .
she was at a loss for words to express her feeling .
she was happy to be introduced to him at the party .
she was kind enough to accompany me to the station .
she was only 18 when she graduated from university .
she waved both her hands so that he could find her .
she wrote him a long letter , but he didn't read it .
she'll get the better of you if you aren't careful .
she's been having trouble with back pain for years .
some large birds prey upon small birds and animals .
some people believe that black cats bring bad luck .
some people take a bath every day and others don't .
someone broke into tom's house while he was asleep .
speaking of last night , what time did you get home ?
suppose you had ten million yen , what would you do ?
tell tom what'll happen to him if he doesn't do it .
tell me which of the two cameras is the better one .
thanks a lot for all the things you've done for me .
that child may have been kidnapped on his way home .
that kid got a slap from his mother for being rude .
that old man is , so to speak , a walking dictionary .
that's a very good question . i'm glad you asked it .
that's the most important thing to do at this time .
that , of course , does not mean that they are right .
the cabinet is meeting today to discuss the crisis .
the cold war ended when the soviet union collapsed .
the english class system is known for its snobbery .
the south pole is a lot colder than the north pole .
the air we breathe consists of oxygen and nitrogen .
the baby was sleeping soundly in his mother's arms .
the bar was so smoky that my eyes started to sting .
the bat was stolen yesterday , along with the balls .
the best place to hide something is in plain sight .
the best way to predict the future is to invent it .
the book i bought last week was really interesting .
the boy was gazing at a school of carp in the pond .
the bronze statue looks quite nice from a distance .
the buildings were damaged by the storm last night .
the candle flickered a few times and then went out .
the committee can only act in an advisory capacity .
the cost of living in the united states was rising .
the day will soon come when man can travel to mars .
the entire family lives there in a messy apartment .
the fog was so dense , we could hardly see anything .
the following was inspired in part by a true story .
the job looked quite simple , but it took me a week .
the last time i saw tom he was walking on crutches .
the lunar month is shorter than the calendar month .
the meeting will be held next week at the earliest .
the money we offered them was obviously not enough .
the other boys teased him when he got his hair cut .
the painting is not worth the price you are asking .
the parents are playing a game with their children .
the person we're trying to catch is very dangerous .
the police assembled a lot of evidence against him .
the prize money enabled me to go on a world cruise .
the radio is too loud . please turn the volume down .
the root of a flower is as weak as a baby's finger .
the smell of macaroni and cheese makes me nauseous .
the soldier refused to fire his rifle at the enemy .
the spell was broken and the pig turned into a man .
the thief ran away and the policeman ran after him .
the thief used a screwdriver to break into the car .
the tip of the spear was dipped in a deadly poison .
the train was almost an hour behind schedule today .
the trouble with him is that he is seldom punctual .
the truth is that nothing is totally true or false .
the vaccination left a funny little mark on my arm .
the village is connected with our town by a bridge .
the whistle of the steam train woke us at daybreak .
then the pen fell from my hand and i just listened .
there are cherry trees on both sides of the street .
there are dangers that threaten both men and women .
there are nine girls and three boys in the library .
there are people who don't like to go to bed early .
there are some cases where this rule doesn't apply .
there are sparks flying out of the electric socket .
there are various ways to take care of the problem .
there aren't any fish living in this river anymore .
there has always been war and there always will be .
there is a black bmw parked in front of your house .
there is a subtle difference between the two words .
there is usually a cool breeze here in the evening .
there seems to be something peculiar about the boy .
there should be a box of matches in the top drawer .
there was absolutely nothing you could do about it .
there were no more than five passengers in the bus .
there's a bottle of white wine in the refrigerator .
there's no need for you to prepare a formal speech .
there's no point in arguing with someone like that .
there's no way i'm taking the rap for his mistakes .
there's nothing you can say that'll change my mind .
these are just guidelines , not hard and fast rules .
they do not waste anything nor throw anything away .
they don't know what they should do with the money .
they dreamed they'd gain the right to vote someday .
they had been saving money for the trip for a year .
they have enough capital to build a second factory .
they put off their departure due to the heavy snow .
they replaced the broken television with a new one .
they said he was still weak from a recent sickness .
they say dogs hear better than we do . is that true ?
they set fire to their neighbor's house in revenge .
they told me that i was overqualified for this job .
they were pretty tired after having worked all day .
this climate is having a bad effect on your health .
this company is listed on the paris stock exchange .
this flower is yellow , but all the others are blue .
this is a limited time offer to new customers only .
this is an express train . it won't make many stops .
this is the house where i lived when i was a child .
this is the third time this week tom has done that .
this island belonged to france in the 19th century .
this isn't a great job , but it helps pay the bills .
this isn't my umbrella . it belongs to someone else .
this kind of weather makes me want to stay indoors .
this medicine will ensure you a good night's sleep .
this might be the last time we ever see each other .
this novel was written by a famous american writer .
this river isn't deep enough for this kind of boat .
this song reminds me of my junior high school days .
this tree is the tallest and oldest in this forest .
to be frank , i don't want you to come to our party .
to tell the truth , i don't like his way of talking .
tom and mary spent all afternoon cooking this meal .
tom and mary were sitting at a table in the corner .
tom asked mary many questions about life in boston .
tom asked mary to help decorate his christmas tree .
tom became more and more handsome as he grew older .
tom certainly doesn't seem to know what he's doing .
tom could've called the police if he had wanted to .
tom didn't eat pizza with the rest of us yesterday .
tom didn't say anything about where he'd come from .
tom doesn't have enough money to buy what he wants .
tom doesn't know what mary wants to eat for dinner .
tom doesn't know what to buy mary for her birthday .
tom doesn't mind the cold , but mary can't stand it .
tom dressed himself quickly , then ran out the door .
tom dried his hands with the towel mary handed him .
tom fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow .
tom fell in love with his best friend's girlfriend .
tom finally decided to try jumping over the stream .
tom found the book mary had given him quite boring .
tom goes to the barber less than four times a year .
tom got fired and was escorted out of the building .
tom got too close to the fire and singed his beard .
tom handed the key to mary and she opened the door .
tom held a glass filled with wine in his left hand .
tom intends to live in boston for more than a year .
tom is good at getting people to do things for him .
tom is my neighbor , but i don't know him very well .
tom is only five , but he already knows how to read .
tom is standing on the table to change a lightbulb .
tom is the only one who really knows what happened .
tom is wearing a coat that's way too large for him .
tom managed to do everything he was supposed to do .
tom opened the door and told mary john wasn't home .
tom posted a lewd photo of himself on social media .
tom said he couldn't remember his own phone number .
tom said he didn't know what he was supposed to do .
tom said he had to be with his family on christmas .
tom said that he didn't think that mary was hungry .
tom said that he didn't want to go to mary's party .
tom said that he thought that mary would be hungry .
tom said that he won't do that unless you help him .
tom saw mary stealing money from the cash register .
tom says he feels much better today than yesterday .
tom sold his car to mary for three hundred dollars .
tom takes his teddy bear with him wherever he goes .
tom thinks mary will be ready to do that on monday .
tom thinks he can succeed where others have failed .
tom thought it would be a good idea to leave early .
tom told his children that santa claus wasn't real .
tom told me he wasn't planning on eating out today .
tom unbuckled his seat belt and got out of the car .
tom wanted mary to come to australia for christmas .
tom wants to forgive his father for abandoning him .
tom was wearing a santa hat at the christmas party .
tom wasn't allowed to tell mary everything he knew .
tufts university is a very famous school in boston .
up to that time he had been staying with his uncle .
was your high school's basketball team a good team ?
we all want to know why you weren't here yesterday .
we all wondered why she had dumped such a nice man .
we can't afford to make this kind of mistake again .
we dissected a frog to examine its internal organs .
we don't have time to search every nook and cranny .
we don't yet know if that's going to happen or not .
we had no choice but to call the police last night .
we have about thirty bottles of wine in the cellar .
we have been enjoying peace for more than 40 years .
we have five days to go before the summer vacation .
we have to be prepared to cope with violent storms .
we have to find the right person for each position .
we hurried to the airport , but we missed the plane .
we may as well stay here till the weather improves .
we must create a safe environment for our children .
we must make sure that this information is correct .
we must take into account the fact that she is old .
we must think about peaceful uses of atomic energy .
we now know that the testimony he gave was coerced .
we put up at a small hotel on the edge of the town .
we saw something move in the shadows just up ahead .
we should learn from those who have gone before us .
we spent too much for christmas presents this year .
we stayed in a quaint bed and breakfast by the sea .
we used to have airplanes , but we had to sell them .
we were taught that world war ii broke out in 1939 .
we were thinking of asking you to join our company .
we'll just have to wait and see how things pan out .
we're going to eat at a chinese restaurant tonight .
we're not going to give tom the money he asked for .
we're starting to question what we thought we knew .
we've finished the work , so we may as well go home .
were you going to the train station when i saw you ?
what i'm holding in my hands is a fossilized shell .
what activity do you spend most of your time doing ?
what are some foods you usually eat with soy sauce ?
what is tom doing here ? i thought he was in europe .
what kind of clothes do you usually wear to school ?
what should i do to find a suitable job for myself ?
what state did you visit and how long did you stay ?
what ! this t-shirt is 3 , 000 yen ? this is a rip-off !
what's the difference between a stream and a river ?
what's the good of having a car if you don't drive ?
what's the most important part of a good education ?
what's the name of the highest mountain in germany ?
when i got up , the sun was already high in the sky .
when you get on the highway , shift into fifth gear .
whenever i hear that song , i think of my childhood .
whenever i try to get near her , she pushes me away .
where is the ladies' room ? i want to wash my hands .
whether rains or not , the game is going to be held .
which do you like better , the sea or the mountains ?
why do you have your umbrella up ? it's not raining .
why don't you tell tom what you want for christmas ?
with a little more effort , he would have succeeded .
would it have been better if tom hadn't been there ?
would you ever go out with a guy who couldn't sing ?
would you like for me to make you something to eat ?
would you like to get something to eat ? it's on me .
yesterday i happened to run into tom on the street .
you are not allowed here . this is private property .
you can also ride on an old , restored , steam train .
you can hear the news on the radio at nine o'clock .
you can't play tennis on days when it's very windy .
you could count to ten when you were two years old .
you could tell tom and mary didn't like each other .
you have tennis elbow . soak your arm in warm water .
you have to look out for other cars when you drive .
you may not believe it , but it is nonetheless true .
you might want to think about this a little longer .
you must consider what kind of work you want to do .
you must make an effort to get along with everyone .
you need to find another way out of this situation .
you never can tell what kind of job you might find .
you never listen . i might as well talk to the wall .
you should have been more careful with your health .
you should let tom know that isn't going to happen .
you should not cut in when someone else is talking .
you talk so fast i can't understand a word you say .
you were just in the wrong place at the wrong time .
you will save time if you adopt this new procedure .
you'll be asleep by the time your father gets home .
you're going the wrong way . you have to turn round .
you're one of the few people who know where tom is .
you're welcome to stay with us as long as you want .
do you have any siblings ? no , i'm an only child .
do you know what i mean ? actually , tom , i don't .
how much did it cost ? it cost me a thousand yen .
may i come over to your house ? anytime you want .
may i help you ? no , thank you . i'm just looking .
tom will buy that painting . how can you be sure ?
what is the time ? it is twenty minutes to three .
what's the purpose of your visit ? i'm a tourist .
will you have another slice of pie ? yes , please .
you're a good guitarist . i'd like to think i am .
a beautiful woman was seated one row in front of me .
a caged cricket eats just as much as a free cricket .
a clear conscience is the sure sign of a bad memory .
a drunk driver was responsible for the car accident .
a dye was injected into a vein of the patient's arm .
a fire broke out at the inn where they were staying .
a gas stove provides the most even heat for cooking .
a large amount of money was spent on the new bridge .
a lot of people are now trying to sell their houses .
a man was complaining of something in a sharp voice .
a man who wanted to see you came while you were out .
a plastic cup is better than one made of real glass .
a poet looks at the world as a man looks at a woman .
a ragtag group of protesters marched on the capital .
a truck stopped crosswise in the middle of the road .
a violinist i know says that he owns a stradivarius .
a wise businessman knows how to clamp down on costs .
actually it might be a good idea to start right now .
after some hesitation , he laid the book on the desk .
after walking for about an hour , we got to the lake .
after we walked for a while , we arrived at the lake .
almost all the workers objected to working at night .
along with thousands of others , he fled the country .
are you planning to go christmas caroling this year ?
are you really going to let tom go there by himself ?
aren't you hot ? why don't you take off your sweater ?
as of tomorrow , this e-mail address will be invalid .
at last , she gave in to him and told him the secret .
be quiet . if you aren't quiet , you'll be thrown out .
because of the dense haze , the road was hard to see .
buying such an expensive car is out of the question .
can you briefly sum up what was said at the meeting ?
can you imagine what life will be like for them now ?
can you please take this package to the post office ?
can you teach me how to play the guitar like you do ?
could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days ?
could you please give me some more examples of that ?
could you tell me how to get to the nearest station ?
daddy , can you read me a story before i go to sleep ?
did i understand the gist of the question correctly ?
did you know that some foxes lived on this mountain ?
did you learn to speak french when you were a child ?
do you have cash on you now ? could you lend me some ?
do you intend to answer all my questions truthfully ?
do you know which deity this temple is dedicated to ?
do you prefer swimming in fresh water or salt water ?
do you really think i had something to do with that ?
do you remember the time we went to boston together ?
do you think tom will reach the top of the mountain ?
do you think a little salt would improve the flavor ?
do you think we'll have a white christmas this year ?
does anyone in your close family have heart disease ?
don't go near the water until you learn how to swim .
don't look out the window . concentrate on your work .
don't make any noise or you'll scare the birds away .
don't pretend you don't know what i'm talking about .
don't push your child into any vocation he dislikes .
don't you have anything better to do with your time ?
don't you think it odd that she was in such a hurry ?
even if he does something bad , he'll never admit it .
every time i see this picture , i remember my father .
every year , many older people die in road accidents .
excuse me , what's the shortest route to the station ?
fluency in english is a very marketable skill today .
following the heavy rainfall , there was a big flood .
for the past 10 years , i've fed my dog dry dog food .
fragments of the mirror were scattered on the floor .
fresh fruit and vegetables are good for your health .
have you ever shared needles when you used iv drugs ?
have you given any thought to having dinner with me ?
he always takes his time in everything that he does .
he brushed up his english during his stay in london .
he buttoned up his coat before walking out the door .
he called in to say he could not attend the meeting .
he came to the united states as a boy from scotland .
he can't do this kind of work , and she can't either .
he ditched the car in an alley and took off running .
he had made enemies during his early political life .
he had no sooner arrived than he was asked to leave .
he has no intention to interfere with your business .
he hasn't been heard from since he left the country .
he hit the center of the target with his first shot .
he is a gentleman . he cannot have said such a thing .
he is at work now , but will be coming home at seven .
he is by far the best baseball player at our school .
he is not the man that he was when i first knew him .
he is one of the most popular students in the class .
he is said to have been very poor when he was young .
he left the house without so much as saying goodbye .
he pinched and scraped for many years to save money .
he ran away from home three times before he was ten .
he reads french and german , not to speak of english .
he seldom reads an editorial and is not a book worm .
he sent me a letter saying that he could not see me .
he sometimes is absent from work without good cause .
he told the children about his adventures in africa .
he took charge of the firm after his father's death .
he tried to approach her using every possible means .
he turned on the faucet and a jet of water came out .
he was aware of my presence but he did not greet me .
he was completely cleared of the charge against him .
he was deep in debt , and had to part with his house .
he was found lying unconscious on the kitchen floor .
he was strong enough to help his father on the farm .
he was very kind to invite me to his birthday party .
he will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law .
he will look after the cats for me while i'm abroad .
he worked very hard , but could make little progress .
he would often sit for hours without doing anything .
he would sooner die than get up early every morning .
her ideas on education are very different from mine .
here's some money . go buy yourself something to eat .
hey , i may have no money , but i still have my pride .
hold on a second , i'll be right back . don't hang up !
how do i know this isn't another one of your tricks ?
how do you know that you can't do it unless you try ?
how many payments will it take to pay off this loan ?
how many times a week does the soccer team practice ?
how many times have i told you not to use that word ?
how many times have i told you to fold your clothes ?
how much did you spend on christmas gifts this year ?
how much longer will i have to stay in the hospital ?
how would you like your coffee , black or with cream ?
huskies get along well with children and other dogs .
i am counting on you to deliver the opening address .
i answered your questions . now let me ask you a few .
i avoid crossing the street here if i am in a hurry .
i can usually tell when someone is hiding something .
i can't believe i actually thought tom would change .
i can't believe i let you talk me into volunteering .
i can't come tomorrow . i've got a lot of work to do .
i can't concentrate on my work because of the noise .
i can't do without an air conditioner in the summer .
i can't figure out how to delete what i just posted .
i can't help but feel like i've forgotten something .
i can't imagine losing a loved one on christmas day .
i can't imagine what life would be like without you .
i can't look at this photo without feeling very sad .
i can't remember the last time i ate with my family .
i completely forgot to make something for us to eat .
i couldn't afford to buy a bicycle , much less a car .
i couldn't hear what was happening in the next room .
i couldn't understand why tom wanted to quit school .
i didn't have enough time to finish my presentation .
i didn't have to pay for the plane ticket to boston .
i didn't want to look stupid in front of my friends .
i don't expect to be as busy tomorrow as i am today .
i don't have a lot of time . can you take care of it ?
i don't know the woman who's talking to our teacher .
i don't like to take on such heavy responsibilities .
i don't speak french , but i can understand it a bit .
i don't think i'll ever sound like a native speaker .
i don't think he has anything to do with the matter .
i don't think that tom realizes how rude he's being .
i don't understand what the author is trying to say .
i don't want to do anything that might be dangerous .
i don't want to do this , but you leave me no choice .
i don't want you anywhere near the medicine cabinet .
i don't yet know how much money we're going to need .
i enjoyed the concert except that the hall was cold .
i expect you to give me an answer by this afternoon .
i figured you'd probably never want to see me again .
i forgot to tell you why we're asking for donations .
i gave him a warning , to which he paid no attention .
i gave some of my old clothes to the salvation army .
i get a three percent commission on anything i sell .
i get nervous when i speak in front of large crowds .
i get the feeling you don't really want me to drive .
i get very angry when you don't answer my questions .
i got an email yesterday that was written in french .
i hadn't intended to work at this company this long .
i have several things i'd like to talk to you about .
i have some doubts about his coming in this weather .
i have to alter my clothes because i've lost weight .
i have to go soon because i left the engine running .
i have to make sure that tom and mary don't do that .
i haven't eaten since breakfast and i'm very hungry .
i haven't talked to tom since he moved to australia .
i hear that you are having an unusually cold winter .
i hear the hubbub of the children in the background .
i heard that tom's boss refused to give him a raise .
i hope you have brains enough to see the difference .
i just heard that tom and mary are moving to boston .
i just think you should be more careful , that's all .
i just want to go home and see my wife and the kids .
i just want to make sure we're all on the same page .
i knew you liked me even though you never showed it .
i know you don't want to hear what i'm about to say .
i know you probably want to be alone , so i'll leave .
i know you see it , but are you really looking at it ?
i lent him a book , but he has not given it back yet .
i met your son yesterday and he greeted me politely .
i need to go visit my sister who lives in australia .
i never meant for things to happen the way they did .
i objected when the waiter tried to remove my plate .
i only weighed 120 pounds when i was in high school .
i only wish i had a little more time to finish this .
i plan to buy a new car as soon as i can afford one .
i returned to my hometown after five years' absence .
i should've advised tom to not talk to mary anymore .
i spend at least three hours a week studying french .
i spent the morning trying to figure out what to do .
i studied hard so that i could pass the examination .
i suppose tom told you what time he plans to arrive .
i think i have to go back on a diet after christmas .
i think i might join you , but i haven't decided yet .
i think i still have time for another cup of coffee .
i think tom is going to be hungry when he gets home .
i think he has enough intelligence to understand it .
i think it'll be possible to get this ink stain out .
i think it's time for me to get a new email address .
i think it's time for me to say what i really think .
i think the time is right to introduce this product .
i think we should be allowed to go anywhere we want .
i think you should buy yourself a new pair of shoes .
i think you should stay here until it stops raining .
i think you'd better lie low until she forgives you .
i thought it would be a good concert , but it wasn't .
i thought you said you were going to be on vacation .
i thought you'd be full after eating that big steak .
i told tom he should save a little money each month .
i took the liberty of calling him by his first name .
i used to go swimming in the sea when i was a child .
i waited for tom for three hours , but he never came .
i want to make sure i understand what you're saying .
i was angry with myself for making so many mistakes .
i was careful not to say anything to make him angry .
i was caught in a shower on my way home from school .
i was late for the meeting because of a traffic jam .
i was planning to do my homework , but i fell asleep .
i was unable to attend the party , nor did i want to .
i was wondering when you were going to tell me that .
i went into the town in search of a good restaurant .
i went to bed after preparing everything in advance .
i will have finished the work by seven this evening .
i will never forget your kindness as long as i live .
i wish i could've eaten at that restaurant with you .
i wish there were a french translation of this book .
i wish there were a better translation of this book .
i wish we could have met under better circumstances .
i wonder what tom would do in a situation like this .
i wonder what the average weight of a strawberry is .
i would just like to thank all of you for your work .
i would like to give him a present for his birthday .
i would rather stay at home than go out in the rain .
i'd like a chance to explain why i made this choice .
i'd like to do shopping on fifth avenue in new york .
i'd like to earn my keep while i'm staying with you .
i'd like to study french , but i don't have the time .
i'd like you to look after my dog during my absence .
i'll be back soon . i have to run to the post office .
i'll postpone my trip to scotland until it's warmer .
i'm afraid i can't make myself understood in french .
i'm certain there are many other things we could do .
i'm doing everything i can to avoid catching a cold .
i'm not going to be able to finish this before 2:30 .
i'm not going to buy one of those , at least not yet .
i'm not going to make the same mistake as last time .
i'm not quite sure if we can meet your requirements .
i'm not saying this to hurt you , but it's the truth .
i'm probably not the only one that needs to do that .
i'm quite certain i don't want to be married to you .
i'm really not that worried about what might happen .
i'm sorry for the pain i caused you and your family .
i'm sorry , but i can't attend the meeting in person .
i'm sorry , but i can't lend you my car next weekend .
i'm surprised to see you smoking . you didn't use to .
i'm very happy you'll be visiting boston next month .
i'm very tired . i don't feel like taking a walk now .
i've been trying to get a little exercise every day .
if i eat too much chocolate , i break out in pimples .
if i had had more time , i would have written to you .
if i had more money , i could move to a bigger house .
if i were in good health , i could pursue my studies .
if i'd wanted your opinion , i would've asked for it .
if blaming me makes you feel better , go right ahead .
if for some reason that happened , what would you do ?
if she'd known the results , she'd have been shocked .
if that guitar weren't so expensive , i could buy it .
if there's anything else you need , just let me know .
if you can't come , please let me know ahead of time .
if you can't stand the heat , get out of the kitchen .
if you could go back in time , what would you change ?
if you don't hurry , you won't get there before dark .
if you don't mind , i'd like to be alone for a while .
if you leave that there , someone might trip over it .
if you really don't want to come , you don't have to .
if you take this medicine , you'll feel a lot better .
if you want to learn the truth , sit down and listen .
if you were footing the bill , you wouldn't say that .
if you were more ambitious , you could go a long way .
if you weren't so smug , you might have more friends .
if you're smart , you'll cash out while you're ahead .
in japan , it is proper to bow when you meet someone .
in kyoto , you can see both old and modern buildings .
in addition to a thick fog , there was a heavy swell .
in this word , the accent falls on the last syllable .
iran is the eighteenth largest country in the world .
is it necessary for me to explain the reason to him ?
is the gop to blame for the current economic crisis ?
is there any chance of my borrowing your typewriter ?
is there anyone here who knows someone in australia ?
is there anything certain you can tell us about tom ?
is there somewhere we can talk privately about this ?
isn't there anything that will make you feel better ?
it goes without saying that money is not everything .
it is not easy to catch a hare with your bare hands .
it is probable that she will win the speech contest .
it is wrong to think that men are superior to women .
it only took us fifteen minutes to complete the job .
it rained yesterday , but it cleared up this morning .
it takes two hours to go to school by bus and train .
it takes us five minutes to walk through the tunnel .
it took him several weeks to recover from the shock .
it took me a long time to do my homework last night .
it was careless of you to leave the key in your car .
it was courteous of him to write a letter of thanks .
it was harder to do that than i thought it would be .
it was his lengthy narrative that bored me to death .
it was raining so hard that we decided to stay home .
it would be better if we didn't attend that meeting .
it would have been better if you had left it unsaid .
it's already eleven . it's high time you were in bed .
it's been three years since i began studying french .
it's doubtful if we'll finish in time for christmas .
it's expensive to rent an office in downtown boston .
it's no use trying to keep secrets from journalists .
it's not that i don't want to go , i can't afford to .
it's the middle of the night . why aren't you asleep ?
it's the sort of day when you'd like to stay in bed .
it's time to resolve this question once and for all .
japan is a leader in the world's high-tech industry .
lake biwa could be seen from where we were standing .
large amounts of money were spent on the new bridge .
laser surgery can fix some kinds of vision problems .
last night it was so hot that i couldn't sleep well .
last night , i went to bed without brushing my teeth .
last night , we looked at the stars from the rooftop .
let's flip through the channels to see what's on tv .
let's spend less time arguing and more time working .
london , where i live , used to be famous for its fog .
long , long ago , there lived an old man and his wife .
long , long ago , there lived an old man in a village .
look carefully . i'm going to show you how it's done .
lots of people in japan are indifferent to politics .
machines may one day think , but they'll never laugh .
mary felt like tom was undressing her with his eyes .
mary likes the new dress that she got for christmas .
mary was a tomboy when she was in elementary school .
maybe it's time to change my hair and do a makeover .
milk has to be kept at a relatively low temperature .
mom , i'm sorry for causing you trouble all the time .
most swiss people can speak three or four languages .
mt . fuji is higher than any other mountain in japan .
my belief is that things will change for the better .
my cat likes it when we scratch him behind the ears .
my coworker really knows how to suck up to the boss .
my doctor told me that i needed to lose some weight .
my driving instructor says i should be more patient .
my family went to the zoo to see pandas last sunday .
my father has already given up smoking and drinking .
my grandmother was pulling up weeds in her backyard .
my little brother always sleeps with his teddy bear .
my money seems to disappear by the end of the month .
my mother doesn't want me to go skating on the pond .
my mother hasn't slept in 3 days due to her illness .
my neighbor always mows his lawn on sunday mornings .
my parents had already eaten by the time i got home .
my picture's in every police station in the country .
my sister belonged to the basketball club last year .
my uncle gave me a book yesterday . this is the book .
my uncle went to mexico in 1983 , never to come back .
my wife and i did our christmas shopping in october .
my wife and i prefer to spend time at home together .
my wife is always telling me that i'm a bad husband .
never drive faster than your guardian angel can fly .
never in his life had he encountered such a dilemma .
no matter how hard i try , i can't swim to that rock .
no matter how long it takes , i will finish the work .
no matter how rich he may be , he is never contented .
no matter how rich you are , you can't buy true love .
nobody seems to have paid attention to what he said .
nothing would make me happier than to see you happy .
now that i have enough money , i can get that camera .
on a clear day , we can see mt . fuji in the distance .
on the following day , we all had terrible hangovers .
one morning , she unexpectedly met him on the street .
one of the people you were with is a friend of mine .
our bus left at eight , arriving in boston at eleven .
our house has seven rooms including the dining room .
parents teach their children that it's wrong to lie .
people change . there's not much you can do about it .
people should be the masters of their own destinies .
please don't make so much noise . i'm trying to work .
please give me a little more time to think about it .
please refer to the owner's manual for more details .
please remember to mail the letter on your way home .
please say hello to her if you see her at the party .
poyang lake is the largest freshwater lake in china .
puns are very hard , if not impossible , to translate .
quite by chance , i met my old friend at the airport .
reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body .
riding a unicycle is one thing i'm not very good at .
science has brought about many changes in our lives .
she agreed with him that i should go to the meeting .
she breaks something every time she cleans the room .
she cried and cried , but no one came to comfort her .
she explained to him why she was late for his party .
she finally managed to get a hold of her old friend .
she had a good time talking with him about his trip .
she had an unassuming air that put everyone at ease .
she held him like mother gorillas hold their babies .
she hid the letter carefully so no one would see it .
she is fresh from college , so she has no experience .
she is too young to understand that her father died .
she looked at me with tears running down her cheeks .
she makes sure that her family eats a balanced diet .
she sat next to him wishing she were somewhere else .
she spends a little time each day reading the bible .
she spends over a third of her time doing paperwork .
she spends three dollars a day for lunch and dinner .
she wanted a piece of cake , but there was none left .
she waved her hand until the train was out of sight .
she went over the list to see if her name was there .
she went to italy for the purpose of studying music .
she went to the hairdresser's to have her hair done .
she will surely be enjoying a hot bath at this hour .
she would rather listen to others than talk herself .
she wrote him a long letter , but she didn't mail it .
since i couldn't pay the rent , i asked him for help .
since my mother was sick , i stayed home from school .
slave labor and child labor are still sad realities .
some eggs weren't rotten , but the rest of them were .
someone should talk to him and tell him what's what .
take a look at the faq before you call tech support .
take an umbrella with you in case it begins to rain .
take your hat off when you enter a house of worship .
that accident is a good example of his carelessness .
that package from australia sure is taking its time .
that pretty bird did nothing but sing day after day .
that's the reason why i couldn't attend the meeting .
the internet is now something we can't live without .
the mississippi river flows into the gulf of mexico .
the shinano is longer than any other river in japan .
the zulu tribe in south africa has its own language .
the aim is to be out of the country within the hour .
the bag will easily carry enough clothes for a week .
the board unanimously decided to appoint her as ceo .
the bridge collapsed when one of the cables snapped .
the castle was destroyed in 1485 , and never rebuilt .
the castle's guards were armed with bows and arrows .
the children are building sand castles on the beach .
the cop went through his pockets , but found nothing .
the cops like the victim's boyfriend for the murder .
the couple separated , never to see each other again .
the decision whether i should see her is mine alone .
the dirty boy turned out to be a prince in disguise .
the doctor told me to eat fewer high-calorie snacks .
the ears of a rabbit are longer than those of a fox .
the following images are not for the faint of heart .
the girl closed her eyes and listened to the pastor .
the girl went into the forest to look for mushrooms .
the governor cut the tape and opened the new bridge .
the hikers were all but frozen when they were found .
the hotel we stayed at last summer is near the lake .
the house is opposite the church . you can't miss it .
the ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight .
the leaves on the trees have begun to change colors .
the man who came to visit you didn't say who he was .
the minute i entered the room , they stopped talking .
the movie we saw last night was filmed in australia .
the national debt has trebled in the last ten years .
the natives saw an airplane then for the first time .
the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few .
the new engine must undergo all the necessary tests .
the new law is expected to cut air pollution by 60% .
the newborn chicks still have not opened their eyes .
the plan was kept under wraps until the last minute .
the popularity of a web site depends on its content .
the previous owners of our house moved to liverpool .
the priest who speaks french will be here next week .
the prime minister fell into the danube and drowned .
the prince asked the little girl why she was crying .
the problem is not what he said , but how he said it .
the production of vegetables is growing in our area .
the professor was unable to comprehend what i meant .
the rest of the personnel were fired without notice .
the river swelled rapidly because of the heavy rain .
the room was pitch black , so i couldn't see a thing .
the senator has a very demanding schedule this week .
the shortage of manpower poses a big problem for us .
the speaker should stand where everyone can see him .
the speed with which we forget is just unbelievable .
the sperm whale can dive to a depth of 1 , 000 meters .
the story is true . only the names have been changed .
the strange-looking woman was thought to be a witch .
the tornado left a trail of destruction in its wake .
the town was destroyed by the flood after the storm .
the use of this type of radio has become widespread .
the video cameras are mainly there to deter thieves .
the weather is very changeable at this time of year .
the youngest child spent every morning at a nursery .
the youth was arrested for being involved in a riot .
there are a lot of beautiful songs on these records .
there are no hospitals in the vicinity of his house .
there is not much doubt about the cause of the fire .
there is not much possibility of his coming on time .
there used to be an art museum in this neighborhood .
there was a pretty girl with black hair in the park .
there was once a time when i could not trust others .
there were a lot of people there that i didn't know .
there's a huge mark up on imported electronic goods .
there's a lot of trash on the far bank of the river .
there's been a lawyer in the family for generations .
there's hardly any hope that he'll win the election .
there's no telling when she'll stab you in the back .
there's nothing more important to me than my family .
there's something i have to let you know right away .
these simple tips will help you declutter your home .
they can produce the same goods at a far lower cost .
they carried the injured player away on a stretcher .
they did not know it was impossible , so they did it .
they have a very good curriculum at that university .
they hoped to sell the stocks at even higher prices .
they live on a small island off the coast of greece .
they said that contact with the plane had been lost .
they say that he is the richest person in the world .
they say we'll have an earthquake one of these days .
they should have the right to decide for themselves .
they stayed in the room with me for the whole night .
they won't allow me to do what i'm being paid to do .
this chapter will focus on the concepts of geometry .
this is one of the most popular restaurants in town .
this is the first time i've ever disagreed with tom .
this is the first time i've seen anything like this .
this is the last message i ever plan to send to you .
this is the most comfortable chair i've ever sat in .
this job shouldn't take more than a couple of hours .
this might not have anything to do with our problem .
this particular model has a really low battery life .
this town hasn't changed much in the last ten years .
to be honest , i've never heard of this place before .
to tell the truth , i don't like what you're wearing .
to tell the truth , i'd rather stay home than go out .
today was a good day , so i'll sleep soundly tonight .
today , i watched a play written by a friend of mine .
tom jackson is one of the best detectives in boston .
tom always makes fun of john because of his dialect .
tom and i haven't seen each other since our divorce .
tom and mary agreed to work together on the project .
tom and mary have decided to get married in october .
tom and mary were only thirteen when they first met .
tom asked mary to help him with his french homework .
tom asked mary to teach him how to play the ukulele .
tom asked mary what kind of books she liked to read .
tom couldn't attend the meeting because he was sick .
tom couldn't have opened the door without your help .
tom criticized mary for not doing the job correctly .
tom didn't believe mary when she said she loved him .
tom didn't know mary's house was so close to john's .
tom didn't want to become an architect like his dad .
tom didn't want to follow in his father's footsteps .
tom died in boston in 2013 when he was 30 years old .
tom doesn't know what mary means when she says that .
tom doesn't like being told he's not old enough yet .
tom doesn't like women who wear way too much makeup .
tom doesn't make enough money to support his family .
tom doesn't need to apologize . he did nothing wrong .
tom drinks at least three liters of water every day .
tom fell asleep at the wheel and caused an accident .
tom has a picture of a squirrel on his bedroom wall .
tom has donated a lot of money to various charities .
tom hired a local contractor to remodel his kitchen .
tom is going to have a christmas party next weekend .
tom is hoping he'll get a new bicycle for christmas .
tom is the only one in our office who speaks french .
tom often has trouble choosing what clothes to wear .
tom only plays the bagpipes when mary isn't at home .
tom opened the door , even though i asked him not to .
tom plays the guitar better than anyone else i know .
tom probably doesn't know where mary parked the car .
tom probably doesn't really know how to do that yet .
tom said mary didn't think john did that with alice .
tom said that he didn't want to ever see mary again .
tom saw the newspaper on the floor and picked it up .
tom says he can't ignore mary's behavior any longer .
tom says he knows how difficult it'll be to do that .
tom says he's having trouble coping with the stress .
tom says that he wants me to go to boston with mary .
tom spends about an hour a day practicing the piano .
tom stayed up all night . now he's too tired to work .
tom stopped at a convenience store to buy some milk .
tom thought it would be a good idea to see a doctor .
tom told mary that she should be ashamed of herself .
tom told me that mary was the one who told him that .
tom told me that he couldn't really trust microsoft .
tom wanted to spend the rest of his life in america .
tom was frightened and didn't want to be left alone .
tom was the one who planted the roses in our garden .
tom was wearing his pajamas when he opened the door .
tom's thinking of moving so he'll be closer to mary .
unfortunately , i have to get up early every morning .
until now , i've never been spoken to by a foreigner .
upon seeing what was happening , we decided to leave .
we are busy preparing for our wedding and honeymoon .
we are looking forward to going on a hike next week .
we can see things in the distance using a telescope .
we could see the lights of the town in the distance .
we don't have as much in common as i thought we did .
we enjoyed the cool breeze that came from the river .
we gave a party in celebration of his 70th birthday .
we had to shut the window because of the mosquitoes .
we had to wait until she found a chair and sat down .
we have enough money to buy one more bottle of wine .
we have the extra-large size , but not in that color .
we invited him to the party , but he did not show up .
we know very little about the cause of this disease .
we might be told to wait outside if it gets too hot .
we need to concentrate on coming up with a new plan .
we need to remember to put some gasoline in the car .
we often come across japanese tourists in this area .
we ran out of gas in the middle of the intersection .
we saw tom talking to mary in the park this morning .
we seem to keep grappling with the same old problem .
we should make every effort to maintain world peace .
we won't be able to pull this off without some help .
we're doing everything we can to find your daughter .
we're looking forward to seeing you and your family .
weather permitting , we will go on a picnic tomorrow .
what answer did you come up with for question three ?
what are some foods you usually eat with chopsticks ?
what are some of the health benefits of eating fish ?
what does this have to do with our current problems ?
what kinds of plants are you growing in your garden ?
what makes you so sure that this won't happen again ?
what proof do you have that he committed this crime ?
what you have just said reminds me of an old saying .
what's the difference between a religion and a cult ?
when i got to school , the race had already finished .
when i was in school , i really hated writing essays .
when the results are made public , i'll let you know .
when was the last time you used heroin or methadone ?
when we're together , i don't worry about the future .
when you're in a hurry , it's easy to make a mistake .
whether he agrees or not , we won't change our plans .
while swimming in the pool , she lost her locker key .
while waiting for the bus , i was caught in a shower .
who knows what he'll accomplish if given the chance ?
who's the man sitting at the other end of the table ?
whoever thought of this stupid plan should be fired .
why are there so many dishonest people in the world ?
why ask me ? wouldn't it be better to do it yourself ?
why didn't you tell me you were allergic to peanuts ?
why do i get the feeling i'm not going to like this ?
why don't you start by telling us who went with you ?
why don't you tell me the way you think it happened ?
with his new job , he's taken on more responsibility .
yesterday i didn't do that because i had a headache .
yesterday it was so cold that i stayed in the house .
you can adjust this desk to the height of any child .
you can probably buy one of these cheaper elsewhere .
you can see the colors of the spectrum in a rainbow .
you can't be forced to testify against your husband .
you can't just leave us here with no food and water .
you can't rely on him these days to do a proper job .
you could pass for a teenager if you wore a t-shirt .
you don't have to be a genius to know who said that .
you have no right to pass judgement on these people .
you keep on making the same mistake time after time .
you know this isn't the way we should be doing this .
you may take this book as long as you keep it clean .
you must not think about your immediate profit only .
you need to wear thick socks to keep your feet warm .
you probably have enough money to live till you die .
you should have told him about it while he was here .
you should not have lent the money to such a person .
you should see this film if you get the opportunity .
you still haven't told me what your phone number is .
you still haven't told me why you decided not to go .
you'll have to take his place in case he can't come .
you're asking me to do something i don't want to do .
you're going to turn a lot of heads with that dress .
you've worked with tom for a long time , haven't you ?
your stitches will need to be removed in a few days .
can you help me paint my house ? sure . no problem .
how much is this camera worth ? about 100 dollars .
i have many things for sale . what kind of things ?
what is your relationship to him ? i'm his father .
what kind of beer do you want ? whatever's on tap .
what time will you be finished ? i'm not sure yet .
would you mind shutting the door ? no , not at all .
would you pass me the salt , please ? here you are .
a bad habit , once formed , is difficult to get rid of .
a book without preface is like a body without a soul .
a boy snatched my purse as he rode by on his bicycle .
a dog's sense of smell is much keener than a human's .
a foreign language can't be mastered in a year or so .
a fund was set up to preserve endangered marine life .
a good poker player can tell when someone's bluffing .
a house without books is like a room without windows .
a husband and wife promise always to love each other .
a little reflection will show you that you are wrong .
a lot of people think that lawyers get paid too much .
a number of countries have strict laws against drugs .
a professional thief can jimmy a car door in no time .
a putrid smell came up out of the hole in the ground .
a selfish man thinks of nothing but his own feelings .
a small snowball is capable of starting an avalanche .
a trip to america this summer is out of the question .
a university job would give you a lot more free time .
a winter sport that many people enjoy is ice skating .
about this time tomorrow , we'll be climbing mt . fuji .
after a while , corn flakes in milk will become soggy .
after the war , he managed to escape to south america .
alcohol affects you more quickly on an empty stomach .
all i want to do is close my eyes and get some sleep .
all my friends like the same kind of music that i do .
all the flowers in the garden died for lack of water .
all these people need to be hospitalized and treated .
all three of my brothers are now somewhere in boston .
almost a third of the gunshot victims were teenagers .
although my car is very old , it still runs very well .
anticipating a cold winter , we bought a bigger stove .
anyone over eighteen years of age counts as an adult .
apples were on sale today , so i bought a lot of them .
are you going to ask mary to go to the prom with you ?
are you going to break up with me if i get fat again ?
are you saying that you don't want to see me anymore ?
as soon as we find out anything , we will contact him .
as soon as you get the wall painted , you can go home .
at the sound of my voice , my dog pricked up his ears .
babies grow up inside the amniotic fluid in the womb .
back then , i didn't earn enough to support my family .
because my mother is sick , my father will cook today .
because of his age , my grandfather doesn't hear well .
because of the rain , we had to eat our picnic inside .
before we go anywhere , we should exchange some money .
better to die on our feet , than to live on our knees .
blood pressure is important as a barometer of health .
buildings are much stronger now than they used to be .
can you wake me up at seven o'clock tomorrow morning ?
cheese and other dairy products do not agree with me .
chicken eggs are richer in vitamin a than quail eggs .
citizens are debating about health care at city hall .
could you do me a favor ? will you lend me some money ?
could you please tell me again where you put the key ?
could you please tell me where the nearest church is ?
cutting a cake into equal pieces is rather difficult .
did tom talk to you about his plans for next weekend ?
did you believe in santa claus when you were a child ?
did you get my email yesterday with the instructions ?
did you really think it would be different this time ?
do you eat spaghetti by twirling it around your fork ?
do you expect me to believe you did this by yourself ?
do you feel like going for a swim in the creek later ?
do you feel like you can't connect with other people ?
do you have a showroom for your products in the city ?
do you have any idea who would do this kind of thing ?
do you have the most recent version of this software ?
do you know why spring rolls are called spring rolls ?
do you think we should just wait and hope it changes ?
do you think you can make it to boston for christmas ?
do you think you could climb to the top of this tree ?
do you think you could teach me to play the bagpipes ?
do you think you could've done this without our help ?
don't act like you don't know what i'm talking about .
don't breathe a word of what i've told you to anyone .
don't forget to bring your umbrella in case it rains .
don't forget to brush your teeth before going to bed .
don't interfere with him if you want him to like you .
don't tell tom about what we plan to do next weekend .
drivers must look out for children crossing the road .
each of them has to write a report about what he saw .
education doesn't consist of learning a lot of facts .
english is spoken in many countries around the world .
even though it sounds strange , what she said is true .
even though the weather was bad , i decided to go out .
every time he goes out , he drops in at the bookstore .
everybody does stupid stuff like that in high school .
everybody falls in love at least once in their lives .
everyone in the class has to learn the poem by heart .
fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health .
from a literary point of view , his work is a failure .
giving advice to him is like talking to a brick wall .
happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance .
have you ever been treated for drug or alcohol abuse ?
have you ever walked through a graveyard at midnight ?
having failed several times , he tried to do it again .
he began by saying that he would not speak very long .
he bribed that politician with a great deal of money .
he can mask his feeling if the occasion calls for it .
he can't work properly until he's had his cup of joe .
he cannot speak french without making a few mistakes .
he caught the first train and got there just in time .
he complains about one thing or another all the time .
he completely failed to understand why she got angry .
he contends that primitive life once existed on mars .
he demanded that i should pay the money back at once .
he didn't trust his brother enough to confide in him .
he doesn't know the difference between good and evil .
he dreaded having to spend christmas in the hospital .
he fleeced three old ladies of their meager pensions .
he had a kind word and a pleasant smile for everyone .
he hid his emotions and pretended to be enthusiastic .
he is a nice person , to be sure , but not very clever .
he is so full of conceit that everybody dislikes him .
he is the last person i would want to go skiing with .
he isn't the kind of person who we want to work with .
he lived in france for some time , then went to italy .
he narrowly escaped from the bus when it caught fire .
he said that he had been in california for ten years .
he suggested that the meeting be put off till monday .
he tried to be brave while he was being held hostage .
he warned the children against playing in the street .
he was always pulling my leg when we worked together .
he was honest , strong , and willing to make decisions .
he was kind enough to show me the way to the station .
he was the first man to climb mt . fuji in the winter .
he wears expensive clothes and owns a lot of jewelry .
he went to austria for the purpose of studying music .
he wore a pullover sweater to keep from getting cold .
he's not such a great writer and i think he knows it .
her father never let her go to town with her friends .
her husband eats everything she puts in front of him .
his brother had been a truck driver for thirty years .
his warm way with people had made him hugely popular .
how about ice cream with chocolate sauce for dessert ?
how can i be sure that i'm making the right decision ?
how did the railway accident at tokyo station happen ?
how long had you been sick before you saw the doctor ?
how many times are you going to ask me that question ?
how much money do you have in your pockets right now ?
how old were you when you learned to write your name ?
hundreds of unemployed men sleep there day and night .
i always drink a glass of milk before going to sleep .
i always have a good supply of tissues in my pockets .
i always make it a point to paint things as they are .
i always thought this would be the right thing to do .
i am given a monthly allowance of fifty thousand yen .
i am happy to notify you that i have fully recovered .
i ate about half of it and left the rest on my plate .
i began to be afraid you would never come back again .
i bet you think i'm just writing that to impress you .
i bought a pair of slacks with the money you gave me .
i bought a six-pack of beer on my way home from work .
i built a house within a stone's throw of the forest .
i can't believe i'm stuck here in this room with you .
i can't believe tom is really planning on doing this .
i can't believe you actually did something like that .
i can't concentrate with all this commotion going on .
i can't figure out how to register a new domain name .
i can't find any evidence to support your accusation .
i can't talk with my father without losing my temper .
i cannot help loving her in spite of her many faults .
i carried one bag , but the other one was left behind .
i could hardly believe my ears when i heard the news .
i could tell from his accent that he was a frenchman .
i did everything in my power to protect her from you .
i didn't prepare a presentation , so i just winged it .
i didn't win , but at least i got a consolation prize .
i don't care what people think about the way i dress .
i don't have a cd player , but i bought the cd anyway .
i don't have a lot of money , but i get along somehow .
i don't know about you , but i feel pretty good today .
i don't know if this is the right thing to do or not .
i don't know what it is , but it's something very big .
i don't know whether tom is telling the truth or not .
i don't know whether he's younger or older than i am .
i don't know who i'll miss more , you or your brother .
i don't see why everyone thinks this book is so good .
i don't think i'd mind eating chinese food every day .
i don't understand why pepperoni pizza is so popular .
i don't want my parents to find out that i was drunk .
i don't want to bother you guys while you're working .
i don't want to share the hotel room with a stranger .
i estimate that the work will cost more than $10 , 000 .
i expect a subway station will be here in the future .
i fell in love with a girl i met in boston last year .
i finally understand what you were trying to tell me .
i forgot to shutter the windows before the storm hit .
i go to the beach almost every weekend in the summer .
i got a stomach tumor and had to have it operated on .
i got this as a wedding gift , but i've never used it .
i got up earlier than usual to catch the first train .
i guess i don't understand what you're trying to say .
i had a hunch something pleasant was going to happen .
i had hardly left home when it began to rain heavily .
i had lunch with tom at a restaurant near the office .
i had my wallet stolen by the man sitting next to me .
i had no idea that you were having problems with tom .
i have no idea how many people will be at the picnic .
i have no interest whatsoever in eating english food .
i haven't really spent much time thinking about that .
i heard tom has come back to australia for christmas .
i hope something good happens before the day is over .
i indulged in some duty-free shopping at the airport .
i just want some souvenirs to remember this place by .
i knocked on the front door , but there was no answer .
i know i'm supposed to enjoy this class , but i don't .
i know that japanese songs are very difficult for us .
i know we don't really know each other all that well .
i know you won't believe this , but i swear it's true .
i leaned forward so i could catch every word he said .
i live in a town , but my parents live in the country .
i looked at my watch and noted that it was past five .
i love the fact that you always seem to care so much .
i love to spend time trying to put together a puzzle .
i make it a rule never to ask a woman how old she is .
i must calculate how much money i'll spend next week .
i must think over the matter before giving my answer .
i never realized how awful living all alone could be .
i never realized you were interested in japanese art .
i now know more about tom than i really want to know .
i picked up the broken glass as carefully as i could .
i pinched myself to make sure that i wasn't dreaming .
i ran into an old friend of mine outside the station .
i read the newspaper every day when i was in college .
i received a christmas card from my brother in italy .
i remember your face , but i don't remember your name .
i saw something very bright fly across the night sky .
i scribbled down his address in the back of my diary .
i should've known it was going to be a waste of time .
i shouldn't have eaten the whole bag of potato chips .
i shouldn't have to tell you to keep your room clean .
i shouldn't have walked home late at night by myself .
i speak french to my father and english to my mother .
i spent a week in berlin living with a german family .
i spent hours looking for the key that i had dropped .
i still can't believe mary and i are getting married .
i still think we should've invited tom to go with us .
i suppose i'll have to be more careful in the future .
i talked to tom this morning just before the meeting .
i think i should probably go home and get some sleep .
i think tom came here to tell us something important .
i think tom should've asked mary to help him do that .
i think it's impossible for him to solve the problem .
i think it's time for me to consider going on a diet .
i think it's time for me to move into a smaller home .
i think it's time for me to put new bait on the hook .
i think it's time for me to refill this prescription .
i think it's time for me to split some more firewood .
i think it's time for me to walk away from this mess .
i think that this will be the last battle of the war .
i think that you should break up with your boyfriend .
i think there's only a slim chance of that happening .
i think watching people playing chess isn't much fun .
i think you're going to enjoy spending time with tom .
i thought i had the right to fire anyone i wanted to .
i thought about giving my saxophone to tom as a gift .
i told her to sit down and to drink a glass of water .
i visited the town for the first time in a long time .
i want this photograph developed as soon as possible .
i want to get a good seat , so i plan to arrive early .
i want to stop this rumor before it goes any further .
i want you to tell me everything you know about that .
i want you to understand this isn't going to be easy .
i wanted to go outside and get a breath of fresh air .
i wanted to have a word with you about what happened .
i was born in tokyo on the eighth of january in 1950 .
i was in such a hurry that i forgot to lock the door .
i was surprised to see so many people at the concert .
i was wondering if i could take a vacation next week .
i wish i had studied english harder when i was young .
i wish i had the will power to stop eating junk food .
i wish i knew what happened to all our family photos .
i won't divorce you unless you give me a good reason .
i won't have enough time for everything i want to do .
i wonder if prince william lets anyone call him bill .
i wonder if he will stand by me when i am in trouble .
i wonder if she'll accept a belated birthday present .
i wonder if there's a market for something like that .
i wonder where to hang this picture that tom gave me .
i worked in a post office during the summer vacation .
i would never consider building a house in this area .
i would rather go to the mountains than to the beach .
i'd like a copy of that document as soon as possible .
i'd like to book a table for four for tomorrow night .
i'd like to talk to you when you have some free time .
i'd like to try this on . where are the fitting rooms ?
i'd never forgive myself if anything happened to you .
i'll arrange for someone to pick you up at your home .
i'll be able to afford a week's vacation this summer .
i'm aware that every choice i make has a consequence .
i'm going to make you an offer that you can't refuse .
i'm going to tell them that i won't be there on time .
i'm going to try to be much more careful from now on .
i'm looking forward to seeing you in a wedding dress .
i'm not buying you another drink until you say sorry .
i'm not feeling well and i'd like to stay home today .
i'm not flexible enough to sit in the lotus position .
i'm not good at eating japanese food with chopsticks .
i'm not sure if i'm going to be able to sing tonight .
i'm not sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing .
i'm only going to say this once , so listen carefully .
i'm pretty sure tom is the one who started the rumor .
i'm really bad with names , but i never forget a face .
i'm really hungry . where can i find something to eat ?
i'm starting to think we'll never be able to do this .
i'm sure tom is going to be hungry when he gets home .
i'm sure the police will catch the robber eventually .
i'm surprised i don't have to do what you have to do .
i'm surprised you didn't know tom could speak french .
i've been looking for someone to babysit my children .
i've been trying to get in touch with you for months .
i've decided to quit my job at the end of this month .
i've gained a lot of weight in the last three months .
i've got a feeling that something is about to happen .
i've never spoken to the old man who lives next door .
i've waited two whole hours . i can't wait any longer .
if i had had more money , i would have bought the pen .
if i knew her name and address , i could write to her .
if i'd had a little more money , i would've bought it .
if it snows on the mountain , it's cold in the valley .
if it were not for the sun , we could not live at all .
if it's a simple piece of music , i can sight-sing it .
if possible , i'd like to know the name of the author .
if that guitar were not so expensive , i could buy it .
if the shop is closed today , i'll try again tomorrow .
if there's anything you want to do , you should do it .
if walls could talk , what stories would they tell us ?
if you act like a child , you will be treated as such .
if you don't want this , i'll give it to someone else .
if you ever feel like doing that , go ahead and do it .
if you have a question , please raise your right hand .
if you need my advice , i'd be glad to give it to you .
if you pass this test , you could graduate next month .
if you turn to the left , you'll see a white building .
if you'd parked your car here , you'd have been fined .
if you're cold , maybe you should put more clothes on .
if you're wrong , admit it . if you're right , be quiet .
if you've got a problem , i'd like to know what it is .
in a crisis , you must get in touch with your teacher .
in my city , the temperature is one degree above zero .
in terms of the pay you will get , is this a good job ?
in those days , i used to get up at six every morning .
is there anyone here who can explain what's going on ?
it cost me one thousand yen to get the bicycle fixed .
it doesn't matter what game he plays , he always wins .
it irritates mary when tom leaves the toilet seat up .
it is dangerous to ride a motorbike without a helmet .
it is not because i hate him , but because i love him .
it is said that his father died in a foreign country .
it is true that he is young , but he is very reliable .
it is , even now , a book loved by men and women alike .
it looked like you were going to fall off the ladder .
it looks like we're going to be staying here tonight .
it pays in the long run to buy goods of high quality .
it seems that he has something to do with the matter .
it seems unlikely that the train will arrive on time .
it was a long war because neither side would give in .
it was much more difficult than we initially thought .
it was so hot that i thought i was going to pass out .
it was so still that you would have heard a pin drop .
it was such a cold day that we decided not to go out .
it was sunny when we arrived , but rainy when we left .
it wasn't until evening that the cannons fell silent .
it will take time for him to recover from his wounds .
it would be a shame to let all this food go to waste .
it would be better for you not to ask him for advice .
it'll probably take you about three hours to do that .
it'll take about a week to straighten out my affairs .
it's a nice day , isn't it ? why not go out for a walk ?
it's about time you were independent of your parents .
it's been a long time since i visited my grandmother .
it's been a long time since i've had a real vacation .
it's been a long time since i've seen tom this happy .
it's difficult to feel at home in a foreign language .
it's hard for an old man to change his way of living .
it's hotter here in the valley than in the mountains .
it's like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders .
it's not going to be easy to finish this job on time .
it's not uncommon to see americans kissing in public .
it's not what you do , but how you do it that matters .
it's still early . we should all just chill for a bit .
it's time to get started with the christmas shopping .
it's very likely that someone will be waiting for us .
japan has changed significantly in the past 50 years .
just tell me this isn't going to get me into trouble .
last sunday , mary and i went to the library together .
last year , the company was sold to private investors .
laws differ from state to state in the united states .
learning to speak a foreign language well takes time .
let me read the paper when you have finished with it .
let's park the car here and walk the rest of the way .
many peruvians have the habit of chewing coca leaves .
many flights have been canceled because of the storm .
many inmates on death row say they don't want to die .
many people in these parts have fallen on hard times .
mary asked her friends if they thought tom liked her .
mary is not poor . on the contrary , she is quite rich .
mary pretended she was sick to avoid going to school .
maybe i'm unhappy , but i don't intend to kill myself .
mommy , if i don't like the food , do i have to eat it ?
more than 40 percent of students go on to university .
more than half the residents are opposed to the plan .
my dog ate a paper towel . i wonder if he'll get sick .
my driver's license expires at the end of this month .
my father doesn't allow me to go to the movies alone .
my father has been in good shape since his operation .
my father was about to leave when the telephone rang .
my grandpa believes that the moon landing was a hoax .
my house is only five minutes' walk from the station .
my hubby and i used to go mountain climbing together .
my laptop battery doesn't last as long as it used to .
my mom bought me this toy when i was eight years old .
my mother bought a refrigerator and had it delivered .
my mother goes to the market every day to buy things .
my new laptop is thinner and lighter than my old one .
my parents wouldn't let me date who i wanted to date .
no extremely fat man has ever attempted such a thing .
no matter how cold it was , he never wore an overcoat .
no one is working . everyone's watching the world cup .
no sooner had she opened the door than a cat ran out .
nobody is so busy that they cannot find time to read .
nobody noticed that the picture was hung upside down .
not everything that you read on the internet is true .
now that i know what to expect , i won't be surprised .
on the american flag , there's a star for every state .
once upon a time , there lived a great king in greece .
one drop of this poison is enough to kill 160 people .
one of the fellows you were with is a friend of mine .
one person more or less doesn't make much difference .
parents can pass many diseases on to their offspring .
people in these areas are growing hungrier each year .
please don't nitpick just for the sake of nitpicking .
practice is the only way to master foreign languages .
put some ice on your ankle to keep the swelling down .
rasputin had the whole russian court under his spell .
right now , all i want to do is sleep for a few hours .
romeo and juliet is a tragic story of forbidden love .
sales have dropped off at every big department store .
she advised him not to borrow money from his friends .
she always has her hair done by a famous hairdresser .
she asked him to come into her house , but he refused .
she became more and more beautiful as she grew older .
she clasped my hands and said she was glad to see me .
she couldn't convince him to accept a personal check .
she explained to him why she didn't like his parents .
she fell in love with him the first time she met him .
she gave me a large room while i stayed at her house .
she has spent hours at the gym trying to lose weight .
she knelt beside him and asked him what his name was .
she lived in the suburbs of tokyo when she was young .
she lost her way and on top of that it began to rain .
she needed the entire afternoon to complete the work .
she ran over her lines once before she went on stage .
she ran very fast to catch up with the other members .
she sang the song with tears running down her cheeks .
she sat at the bar downing shot after shot of whisky .
she should be there now because she left an hour ago .
she speaks english better than any of her classmates .
she walked as fast as she could to catch up with him .
she walked up to him and asked him what his name was .
she was able to cook herself dinner , after a fashion .
she was tired . however , she tried to finish the work .
she's not from here . she was born in another country .
she's practicing english so she can get a better job .
since he didn't know what to say , he remained silent .
since she got her braces , i've hardly seen her smile .
smell this milk . do you think it's still ok to drink ?
some tv programs are interesting , and others are not .
some students looked at her with tears in their eyes .
sometimes i can't really grasp the meaning of a word .
sometimes you have to do things you don't want to do .
sorry , but i want to tell her this news face to face .
spain and the uk continue to spar over the territory .
spanish is spoken in most countries of south america .
stopgap measures won't make a dent in drug addiction .
students should make use of the books in the library .
such a man does not go hunting and seldom owns a gun .
talking to your plants doesn't help them grow faster .
tell tom he has to do everything mary asks him to do .
thank you very much for coming all the way to see me .
that isn't the reason why i said the job wasn't easy .
that kind of thing can happen when you're in a hurry .
that man is on trial for the murder of a little girl .
that was such a good book that i read it three times .
that's not something i want to think about right now .
the british forces were ordered to seize the weapons .
the colosseum is one of rome's most famous landmarks .
the nozomi is the fastest of all the trains in japan .
the president is to speak on television this evening .
the tigers lost the game , which was a surprise to us .
the book was so gripping , i could hardly put it down .
the boy fell off the bicycle and fractured his skull .
the building with the reddish brown roof is a church .
the bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street .
the car won't start because the battery has run down .
the cave was so dark that they had to feel their way .
the child was afraid of being left alone in the dark .
the experience gave him an advantage over the others .
the fence was not high enough to keep the wolves out .
the girl was sobbing in the corner of the schoolroom .
the lady that is speaking to that boy is his teacher .
the last time that happened i didn't know what to do .
the letters tom wrote to mary were returned unopened .
the magician asked for a volunteer from the audience .
the mechanic fixed my car without charging me a dime .
the mother was reluctant to leave her children alone .
the new computer is ten times as fast as the old one .
the office where my father works is near the station .
the old fellow is as healthy and as strong as an oak .
the old man narrowly escaped being run over by a car .
the people in the village fell ill one after another .
the policeman was off duty when he was shot to death .
the politician tried to cover up the insider trading .
the prince fell in love with a woodcutter's daughter .
the principal shook hands with each of the graduates .
the problem is that solar energy just costs too much .
the rumor that they would get married spread at once .
the same thing could be said about many other people .
the sea got rough , so that we had to give up fishing .
the speed of the spread of aids is horrifyingly fast .
the students have an excellent gym at their disposal .
the teacher lined the children up in order of height .
the train wasn't as crowded as i thought it would be .
the universe was born more than 12 billion years ago .
the way you sit tells a great deal about your nature .
the woman who he thought was his aunt was a stranger .
the world has changed a lot in the last thirty years .
there are a lot of things i want to discuss with you .
there are people who don't like to go to sleep early .
there are still people who believe the earth is flat .
there are three men in the next room waiting for you .
there have been a lot of airplane accidents recently .
there is a large parking lot in front of the station .
there is no need to be frightened . he won't harm you .
there is so much to do , and only a lifetime to do it .
there was only one case of chicken pox at the school .
there were no customers , so we closed the shop early .
there's a movie i want to watch on tv tomorrow night .
there's a rumor going around that you two are dating .
there's a scratch here . could you give me a discount ?
there's not a whole lot happening here at the moment .
there's nothing i like as much as the smell of roses .
these glasses do not fit me well . they are too large .
these items must be returned to their rightful owner .
these new computers can crunch data faster than ever .
they agreed to investigate the cause of the incident .
they did not wish to become embroiled in the dispute .
they didn't want to spend much time talking about it .
they found a secluded beach where they spent the day .
they killed tom as an example to the other prisoners .
they like ragtime , jazz and music with a swing to it .
they stopped talking as soon as i came into the room .
they think the owner of the house is studying abroad .
they tortured the prisoner first and then killed him .
they were even more interested in his beautiful wife .
they were very tired , hungry , and thirsty that night .
this app automatically signs you in when you open it .
this book is mine , but the one on the table is yours .
this camera is the one that tom bought last thursday .
this hamster is small enough to carry in your pocket .
this information isn't as up-to-date as it should be .
this is the hottest summer we've had in thirty years .
this is the restaurant where we had dinner last week .
this is the worst thing that has ever happened to me !
this morning i missed the 8:30 train by five minutes .
this oil well produces more than 100 barrels per day .
this photo is too blurry . i can't make out your face .
this place is arguably the best restaurant in london .
this storm is not dangerous . you don't need to worry .
this summer we'll go to the mountains and to the sea .
to a man with a hammer , everything looks like a nail .
to cross the river , you can use a boat or the bridge .
tolstoy said that true friends must trust each other .
tom agreed to be here at 2:30 , but he's not here yet .
tom always dresses in black or some other dark color .
tom and mary are really starting to get on my nerves .
tom and mary claim that they never lie to each other .
tom and mary looked at each other through the window .
tom and mary spent a year traveling around the world .
tom bet mary that he could beat her at arm wrestling .
tom burned all of the letters that mary had sent him .
tom decided to tell mary the truth about his illness .
tom didn't answer because he didn't know what to say .
tom didn't seem surprised to see mary at the concert .
tom didn't want to marry a woman who wanted children .
tom disobeyed a direct order from a superior officer .
tom doesn't even let his daughter go out on weekends .
tom doesn't have anyone to discuss his problems with .
tom doesn't think mary will ever come back to boston .
tom dreams of owning a house in the center of boston .
tom finished his chores and then he did his homework .
tom found mary's diary and read the last three pages .
tom had no sooner arrived than he was asked to leave .
tom had to pawn his guitar so he could pay his bills .
tom handed mary a knife so she could peel the apples .
tom has been shopping for christmas presents all day .
tom injured himself when he jumped out of the window .
tom is going to learn how to do that sooner or later .
tom is the one who told me when the meeting would be .
tom just wants to spend a little more time with mary .
tom kissed mary under the mistletoe on christmas eve .
tom likes to work in the garden before going to work .
tom made it clear that he didn't like mary very much .
tom planted a small peach tree in front of his house .
tom ran out of matches so he couldn't light the fire .
tom said that he had been cleaning the house all day .
tom said that he thought mary could probably do that .
tom saw both mary and john getting out of their cars .
tom seems to have lost interest in collecting shells .
tom slammed on the brakes so he wouldn't hit the dog .
tom speaks french much better than he speaks english .
tom spent the night in the small cabin near the lake .
tom thinks he's a genius , but i don't agree with him .
tom told mary that he didn't like her sense of humor .
tom told mary why it would be a good idea to do that .
tom told everybody at school about what had happened .
tom took off his lab coat and hung it over the chair .
tom wasn't ready to accept mary's love or friendship .
tom whispered something in mary's ear and she nodded .
tom wished that he could play tennis as well as mary .
tom's death has been officially ruled as an accident .
unfortunately , i only understood half of what i read .
uninstall that app . it's nothing but a waste of time .
we all mourned for the people killed in the accident .
we can drive in japan when we are eighteen years old .
we can get a beautiful view of the sea from the hill .
we can save a little time if we do what tom suggests .
we can't do anything until we get back to the office .
we can't leave tom here . he won't survive on his own .
we climbed higher so that we might get a better view .
we communicate with one another by means of language .
we don't need to waste money on things we don't need .
we had a very nice christmas with tom and his family .
we have some guys on our team who can't speak french .
we have three spare rooms , none of which can be used .
we have to figure out a way to get out of here alive .
we insist that a meeting be held as soon as possible .
we kept on working for hours without eating anything .
we looked out the window , but we didn't see anything .
we must prevent this type of incident from recurring .
we provided the flood victims with food and clothing .
we sent some flowers to the hospital to cheer her up .
we talked in low voices so we wouldn't wake the baby .
we took advantage of the fine weather to play tennis .
we waited in the movie theater for the film to start .
we were caught in a shower while we were on a picnic .
we were granted the privilege of fishing in this bay .
we were in the living room when we heard the gunshot .
we would move to a bigger house if we had more money .
we'd really like to help you , but our hands are tied .
we'll announce the results as soon as we verify them .
we're busy now , but not as busy as we're about to be .
we're in the second week of an unrelenting heat wave .
we're not going to leave mary alone with tom , are we ?
we're really close and we tell each other everything .
we've become the laughing stock of the whole village .
were you treated for an infection after your surgery ?
what i'm about to say is strictly between you and me .
what a wonderful morning ! i feel on top of the world .
what country did you visit and how long did you stay ?
what do you do when you don't have time to eat lunch ?
what is right in one society can be wrong in another .
what kind of snacks do you plan to have at the party ?
what time does the shuttle bus leave for the airport ?
what would you say to someone else in your situation ?
what's new with you ? how is your new job working out ?
what's the one thing you would have done differently ?
what's the worst thing that has ever happened to you ?
whatever happens , i want you to know that i love you .
when i use contacts , my eyes feel dry and become red .
when tom stopped for a stop sign , his engine stalled .
when it comes to sweets , i just can't control myself .
when it's this hot , i don't feel like doing anything .
when the program finished , we switched the radio off .
when was the last time you slept more than ten hours ?
when you can't do what you want , you do what you can .
whenever i hear that song , i think of a certain girl .
which kind of watch do you prefer , digital or analog ?
which of these dictionaries do you think is the best ?
which one do you prefer , the red one or the blue one ?
who do you expect to receive christmas presents from ?
who takes care of your children while you're at work ?
why didn't you tell me that you wanted to go camping ?
why didn't you try the dress on before you bought it ?
why do you say one thing , and then go and do another ?
why don't we think about this for another week or so ?
why don't you come over and eat with us this evening ?
without your help , i couldn't have finished the work .
without your help , we wouldn't have finished in time .
women in that country are fighting for their freedom .
would you be so kind as to give me your phone number ?
you are , hands down , the biggest idiot i've ever met .
you can never tell how long these meetings will last .
you can't fix it in the amount of time you have left .
you can't force me to do anything i don't want to do .
you could learn a lot from them if you'd only listen .
you don't have to eat with tom , but i wish you would .
you don't have to go to the party unless you want to .
you don't have to say anything you don't want to say .
you don't have to talk about it if you don't want to .
you don't know why tom didn't come yesterday , do you ?
you don't need to tell me what to do . i already know .
you just need to press this button to take a picture .
you knew tom wouldn't be able to do that , didn't you ?
you look tired . you ought to rest for an hour or two .
you need to change the ink cartridge in your printer .
you need to set the record straight once and for all .
you never can tell what you might find at that store .
you ought to keep working while you have your health .
you pay for the convenience of living near a station .
you should avoid calling a person after ten at night .
you should look after the children from time to time .
you should look over the contract before you sign it .
you shouldn't eat any fish that come from this river .
you sort of hinted that you wanted me to ask you out .
you sound like you don't want to be an archaeologist .
you want me to do your dirty work for you , don't you ?
you were supposed to write a 300-word essay by today .
you'd better think twice beforeagreeing to do that .
you'll have to wait at least an hour to get a ticket .
you'll strain your eyes trying to read in this light .
you're just trying to shift blame away from yourself .
you're the only one who wants to do that , aren't you ?
you've changed . i didn't even recognize you at first .
young as he is , he has a large family to provide for .
your ice cream will melt if you don't eat it quickly .
could you please buy me a book ? what kind of book ?
do you have anything to do ? nothing in particular .
don't wait for me . i wasn't going to wait for you .
here are the divorce papers . i'm not signing them .
how long are you staying ? i'm staying for a month .
i think this wine is really good . i've had better .
it's really hot today , isn't it ? yeah , it sure is .
tom is young . how young is young ? he's thirteen .
tom will help us tomorrow . i wouldn't count on it .
what color is your underwear ? i'm not wearing any .
why weren't you at the meeting ? something came up .
would you like a piece of cake ? what kind of cake ?
a contract with that company is worth next to nothing .
a dictionary is an important aid in language learning .
a good case can be made for the legalization of drugs .
a heavy snow fell in kyoto for the first time in ages .
a note was attached to the document with a paper clip .
a piece of bread was not enough to satisfy his hunger .
a trust fund has been set up for each of the children .
after a slow summer season , business began to pick up .
after my leg heals , i'll be able to move around again .
after six games , sampras had the edge on his opponent .
after the game , he went straight home to feed his dog .
all the songs i sang for you today were written by me .
an argument may be logically sound without being true .
an article about our school appeared in the newspaper .
are there any french magazines in your school library ?
are you able to buy a ticket after boarding the train ?
are you planning on staying in boston for a long time ?
are you saying you don't want to be a teacher anymore ?
are you sure you want to leave without saying goodbye ?
aren't you going to do anything special for christmas ?
as he gets older , he's getting more and more stubborn .
as soon as he went out of the house , it began to rain .
as soon as we get the tickets , we'll send them to you .
as these trees grow tall , they rob the grass of light .
as we went around the corner , the lake came into view .
autonomy was granted in 1969 and independence in 1979 .
be careful not to drive on the wrong side of the road .
be sure to turn off the light when you leave the room .
because i live near the school , i come home for lunch .
because of the water shortage , i couldn't take a bath .
before he went fishing , he dug up some worms for bait .
between you and me , i don't like our new team captain .
blow out all the candles on the birthday cake at once .
call me if you want to do something together tomorrow .
can you remember the first time you heard the beatles ?
could you please pull the weeds and water the flowers ?
did you break up with tom or did he break up with you ?
did you catch anything the last time you went fishing ?
do you have any family or friends you could stay with ?
do you have any questions about what needs to be done ?
do you know how far the station is from the town hall ?
do you know where to go or who to ask for information ?
do you really think that i'm going to let you do that ?
do you really want this information to be made public ?
do you think that you can put your idea into practice ?
do you think you could talk tom into joining our team ?
do you usually turn on the tv as soon as you get home ?
do you want me to fix your broken shovel or don't you ?
do you want to go to prison for the rest of your life ?
don't be so glum about it . life has its ups and downs .
don't let me catch you doing anything like this again .
don't throw away this magazine . i haven't read it yet .
don't you think you're overreacting just a little bit ?
english is a very important language in today's world .
even though he was sick , the boy still went to school .
every day i either ride a bike or get the bus to work .
every time i read this book , i discover something new .
every time she coughed , she felt a great deal of pain .
everywhere you look you can see young couples kissing .
exercise is to the body what thinking is to the brain .
far from hesitating , she willingly offered to help me .
father comes home from work about nine in the evening .
from somewhere in the distance came an ominous rumble .
generally speaking , men can run faster than women can .
genius does what it must , and talent does what it can .
going out drinking with the guys makes him feel macho .
have you already told tom about what happened to mary ?
have you been told the reasons why we didn't hire you ?
he asked the lady standing next to him some questions .
he assumed that the man was hiding something from him .
he banged his head against a shelf and got a big lump .
he brought food to his guest and provided him shelter .
he cooked up a good excuse for not going to the party .
he could show his feeling with music instead of words .
he couldn't fulfill the promise he made to his father .
he didn't have the decency to admit that he was wrong .
he fumbled with the keys before finding the right one .
he gritted his teeth and forced back his growing fear .
he had his sister help him paint the wall of his room .
he has a lot of difficulty seeing without his glasses .
he has been playing chess since he was in high school .
he implied that something was wrong with his marriage .
he is buying some wood so that he can make a bookcase .
he looks pale . he must have drunk too much last night .
he made use of the opportunity to improve his english .
he moved to a good company that offered a good salary .
he never speaks english without making a few mistakes .
he not only speaks french , but he speaks spanish , too .
he pleaded with his mother to let him go to the party .
he read the letter with tears running down his cheeks .
he saved the drowning boy at the risk of his own life .
he tried to give up smoking several times , but failed .
he used his hand to screen the sunlight from his eyes .
he was in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast .
he was so immature , he couldn't resist the temptation .
he went to art school to study painting and sculpture .
he winced as the nurse pushed the needle into his arm .
he'll have many hardships to go through in the future .
he's somewhat hard of hearing , so please speak louder .
her mind is filled with dreams of becoming an actress .
his wife is worn out after looking after the children .
how can anyone sleep with all this commotion going on ?
how do i know that you're not going to try to kill me ?
how is that question germane to what we're discussing ?
how long does it take from here to your house on foot ?
how long does it take to walk to your house from here ?
how long does it take to your office from the airport ?
how long has it been since you've seen your boyfriend ?
how many different pieces are there in japanese chess ?
how many people gave you christmas presents this year ?
how many times a minute does the average person blink ?
i almost did what you're accusing me of , but i didn't .
i always stretch my leg muscles before playing tennis .
i am convinced that things will change for the better .
i bought this book at the bookstore near the bus stop .
i can barely remember what my grandfather looked like .
i can hardly wait to get home and sleep in my own bed .
i can see some small fish swimming about in the water .
i can see you're busy , so i'll get right to the point .
i can tell you things you won't hear from anyone else .
i can't afford to buy a used car , much less a new one .
i can't believe we haven't run into each other before .
i can't believe you didn't recognize your own brother .
i can't believe you don't want butter on your popcorn .
i can't conceive how i could have made such a mistake .
i can't figure out how to post a comment to this blog .
i can't put up with the inconvenience of country life .
i can't remember her address no matter how much i try .
i can't solve this problem . it's too difficult for me .
i can't tell you any more . i've already said too much .
i can't thank you enough for the help you've given me .
i carefully took down everything that my teacher said .
i changed the arrangement of the furniture in my room .
i couldn't understand a single word of what they said .
i didn't have enough space to fit my lunch in the bag .
i didn't understand what the writer was trying to say .
i don't believe half of what i've been told about you .
i don't do that now , but i used to when i was younger .
i don't have a chain saw , but i know someone who does .
i don't have a dress good enough for such an occasion .
i don't have time to be bothered by such small things .
i don't know how you stayed in that job all this time .
i don't know whether he will agree to our plan or not .
i don't suppose there's much chance of that happening .
i don't think tom knows why mary went to the hospital .
i don't think any of us are happy about what happened .
i don't think being poor is anything to be ashamed of .
i don't think that tom knows who painted that picture .
i don't think that you should worry about it too much .
i don't understand how i could've made such a mistake .
i don't want to be rich . i just don't want to be poor .
i don't want to buy anything . i'm just looking around .
i don't want to pay through the nose for a hotel room .
i don't want to waste my time trying to do this again .
i failed to catch the last bus , and came home by taxi .
i fed my dog what i thought was good quality dog food .
i found it difficult to understand what he was saying .
i found it rather difficult to make myself understood .
i found this book by chance in a secondhand bookstore .
i gathered from his expression that he was very angry .
i got up early , so that i could catch the first train .
i grabbed my little sister's hand and started running .
i guess you're going to do that no matter what we say .
i had an argument with tom about the use of marijuana .
i had to work hard to keep up with the other students .
i have a part-time job working as a santa at the mall .
i have enjoyed seeing you and talking about old times .
i have to use a needle to inject this under your skin .
i hear that even taxi drivers often get lost in tokyo .
i held the conch to my ear and heard the ocean inside .
i just want to let you know that i won't let you down .
i knew i shouldn't have done it , but i did it anyways .
i know an american girl who speaks japanese very well .
i know nothing about her except that she is a pianist .
i know you won't be able to do that without some help .
i learned how to ride a bike when i was six years old .
i left my toolbox in the basement next to the furnace .
i lost track of all time during our walk in the woods .
i make it a rule to brush my teeth before i go to bed .
i may be able to come to your office monday afternoon .
i mistook her for her sister . they look so much alike .
i read the article about you in yesterday's newspaper .
i saw tom and mary talking to each other this morning .
i saw him walking around town wearing his sunday best .
i spend about three hours a week practicing the cello .
i suggest we drink as little as possible to be polite .
i talked myself into thinking that it was a good idea .
i tend to ramble , so stop me if i go off on a tangent .
i think it's time for me to get a new pair of glasses .
i think you're the most beautiful girl i've ever seen .
i thought tom would ask mary to go with him to boston .
i told my mom i was gay and it didn't faze her at all .
i took a bus so i wouldn't be late for my appointment .
i took him to the most expensive restaurant on campus .
i took it for granted that she had received my letter .
i took some creative liberties . i hope you don't mind .
i tried in vain to persuade him not to smoke any more .
i tried to call you last night , but you didn't answer .
i used to go fishing quite often , but now i rarely go .
i want to emphasize the need to get this done on time .
i want to live in a quiet city where the air is clean .
i want to remind you that you have a 2:30 appointment .
i want to take a year off and travel around the world .
i want to write my girlfriend a love letter in french .
i want you to push against my hand as hard as you can .
i was about to leave for work when the telephone rang .
i was born in boston , but i was brought up in chicago .
i was caught in a shower and got drenched to the skin .
i was flat on my back for a week with a terrible cold .
i was happy to wake up to the aroma of coffee brewing .
i was lucky that i was able to find a good babysitter .
i was taken in by his good looks and gracious manners .
i was thrown out of the house with everything i owned .
i watched baseball on tv after i finished my homework .
i watched this movie last night and i really liked it .
i went there for the express purpose of earning money .
i wish you could drop in at my house on your way home .
i wonder whether tom could help us solve this problem .
i wonder why some people think black cats are unlucky .
i would appreciate any information you can send to us .
i wouldn't be too surprised if this song became a hit .
i'd like to ask you a few questions if you don't mind .
i'd like to rent your most inexpensive car for a week .
i'd really like to know why he did that sort of thing .
i'll be raising my prices by three percent next month .
i'll buy that old clock no matter how expensive it is .
i'll go to australia to visit my family for christmas .
i'll leave no stone unturned to find out who did this .
i'll never tell anyone where i've hidden the treasure .
i'll postpone my trip to england until it gets warmer .
i'll understand if you don't want to go there with me .
i'm afraid i cannot make myself understood in english .
i'm afraid you'll have to learn to live with the pain .
i'm capable of dealing with problems like this myself .
i'm glad you could come . please make yourself at home .
i'm going to get myself some coffee . do you want some ?
i'm going to run a couple of errands . wanna tag along ?
i'm going to study for the final exams this afternoon .
i'm happy that you were able to find a job so quickly .
i'm just trying to stop you from making a big mistake .
i'm learning to sew so that i can make myself a dress .
i'm not quite happy with the wording of this sentence .
i'm on my way to visit a friend who's in the hospital .
i'm sorry that i haven't been able to be here for you .
i'm terribly busy because the report deadline is near .
i've already spent all my pocket money for this month .
i've been debating whether i should mention it or not .
i've decided to weigh myself every day starting today .
i've got a hunch something might be happening tonight .
i've never seen a more god-forsaken stretch of desert .
i've never seen so many good-looking men in one place .
if i had been rich , i would have given you some money .
if i were to tell you all i know , you would be amazed .
if i'd had the time , i would've dropped by your place .
if for some reason i'm late , please don't wait for me .
if he is innocent , it follows that his wife is guilty .
if he really doesn't want to go , he shouldn't have to .
if it happens to rain , the garden party won't be held .
if it were not for water , no living things could live .
if there were no telephones , it would be inconvenient .
if you could only speak english , you would be perfect .
if you don't miss the train , you'll get there in time .
if you don't want to be alone , i can keep you company .
if you don't want to give a speech , you don't have to .
if you go out so lightly dressed , you'll catch a cold .
if you had a time machine , which year would you visit ?
if you have something to say , say it now or pipe down .
if you need more information , we are happy to send it .
if you plant an apple seed , it might grow into a tree .
if you really want to know , all you have to do is ask .
if you rest , you will be back on your feet again soon .
if you turn on me like that , i won't say another word .
if you want me to help you , all you have to do is ask .
if you want me to kiss you , all you have to do is ask .
if you want me to play the piano , i'll play the piano .
if you want to ask a question , please raise your hand .
if your child drinks poison , rush him to the hospital .
in a town with only one barber , who shaves the barber ?
in case i can't come , i'll give you a call beforehand .
in front of the university , there are some bookstores .
in most countries , teachers do not receive high wages .
in my city , there is no school for learning esperanto .
in such situations , one must be patient and keep calm .
in the beginning god created the heaven and the earth .
is there a particular way i'm supposed to address you ?
is there anything special you want to do this weekend ?
is there anything you want to add to what i just said ?
is there something in particular that you want to eat ?
is there something in particular that you want to see ?
it is hard for the couple to live together any longer .
it is impossible for me to finish the work in an hour .
it is our policy not to give out personal information .
it is questionable whether this data can be relied on .
it is very kind of you to send me such a nice present .
it saddens me to see how much you've misunderstood us .
it was a fine day and there were no clouds in the sky .
it was not easy to get a lot of money in a short time .
it would be good to sleep , even for just a little bit .
it would be nice to spend the summer in the mountains .
it would take at least three hours to paint this room .
it would've been nice if tom had told us he'd be late .
it's a very small price for such an important victory .
it's been a while since i've done something like this .
it's better to attack than to let oneself be attacked .
it's convenient to live so close to the train station .
it's difficult to predict the outcome of the election .
it's hard to admit to yourself that you are a failure .
it's more interesting to travel alone than in a group .
it's not every day you get a building named after you .
it's quite difficult to master french in 2 or 3 years .
italy has some of the best art galleries in the world .
judging from what you say , he must be a great scholar .
just remember i dropped everything to be here for you .
keep in mind that smoking is not good for your health .
listen carefully and do exactly what i tell you to do .
many people prefer to cook with butter instead of oil .
mary had a little lamb whose fleece was white as snow .
mary went over to the united states in her late teens .
mother gets up earlier than anybody else in my family .
much as i'd like to come , i'm afraid i'll be too busy .
my doctor has advised me to stop taking this medicine .
my father always comes up with something witty to say .
my father took out his wallet and gave me ten dollars .
my grandpa is out of step with the younger generation .
my high school french teacher wasn't a native speaker .
my opinion about that topic has changed several times .
my parents told me that we should respect the elderly .
my phone has a caller id that lets me screen my calls .
my whole body was one big bruise after the rugby game .
my wife is throwing a baby shower for her best friend .
my wife showed excellent taste in decorating the room .
no matter how hard he tried , my opinion didn't change .
no matter how hard she tried , she couldn't please him .
no matter what i try , i can't seem to give up smoking .
no one can force you to do anything against your will .
no one has been able to reach the top of the mountain .
not knowing her telephone number , i couldn't call her .
nothing we have done today has gone according to plan .
now that he is old , it is your duty to look after him .
on christmas day , tom's right leg was still in a cast .
only strict adherence to the rules will prevent chaos .
our current house is too small , so we decided to move .
pablo neruda was chile's ambassador to france in 1971 .
people who talk about themselves all the time bore me .
philosophy is not a thing one can learn in six months .
plastic surgery alone will not make you any less ugly .
please be sure to turn off the light before you leave .
please come here between two and three this afternoon .
please don't lean out of the window when we're moving .
please give me some kind of medicine to curb the pain .
please have a seat and wait until your name is called .
please stop talking . i need to concentrate on my game .
please take off all of your clothes from the waist up .
please tell the others everything you've just told me .
read as many books as you can while you are a student .
salmon go up the river and lay their eggs in the sand .
salt was a rare and costly commodity in ancient times .
seen from the sky , the river looked like a huge snake .
she advised him to go abroad while he was still young .
she almost never does what she says she's going to do .
she asked him why he was crying , but he didn't answer .
she covered the mouthpiece of the phone with her hand .
she didn't show up at the party , but nobody knows why .
she gave birth to her first child at twenty years old .
she had changed so much that i couldn't recognize her .
she has consented to take the leadership of the party .
she has had the same boyfriend since she was eighteen .
she is accustomed to doing her homework before dinner .
she lives in the same house her grandparents lived in .
she put her hands over her ears to shut out the noise .
she spent most of her life taking care of poor people .
she stood there even after the train was out of sight .
she told him a joke , but he didn't think it was funny .
she took a flower from the vase and held it out to me .
she tried to persuade him to buy her a pearl necklace .
she turned her face away so he wouldn't see her tears .
she visits him quite often , but never stays very long .
she was cleaning the house in preparation for a party .
she was further in debt than she was willing to admit .
she watched him continue to fight as hard as he could .
she will not budge an inch no matter what anyone says .
since he was feeling sick , he stayed home from school .
slavery has been abolished in most parts of the world .
some companies guarantee their workers a job for life .
sometimes i say yes , even though i want to say no .
staten island is one of the five boroughs of new york .
students are forbidden to smoke on the school grounds .
tell us what you want and we'll try to get it for you .
that kid was almost run over when the truck backed up .
that store had just about everything we needed to buy .
that was a low point . things have improved since then .
that was the first time that a man walked on the moon .
the president vetoed the law after congress passed it .
the us is trying to extradite a drug lord from mexico .
the best thing to do is to ask an expert to repair it .
the boy broke the window with a baseball last weekend .
the boy caressed the girl's chin and kissed her cheek .
the bus is full . you'll have to wait for the next one .
the car stalled because you didn't step on the clutch .
the catapult hurled the boulder over the castle walls .
the challenges are daunting , but we can overcome them .
the church's steeple is beginning to crumble with age .
the coat i wanted was priced at three hundred dollars .
the cold weather slowed the growth of the rice plants .
the distance between stars is measured in light years .
the doctor says that i'll never be able to swim again .
the doctors didn't believe tom was in danger of dying .
the effect was quite different from what was intended .
the elevators in this building are often out of order .
the factory decided to do away with the old machinery .
the floorboards creak a bit when you walk across them .
the food is very good in the dormitory where he lives .
the girl got distracted and lost sight of her parents .
the ground was waterlogged after several days of rain .
the heavy snow prevented us from going to the concert .
the hijacker demanded a ransom of two million dollars .
the human body is composed of billions of small cells .
the kitchen table was bare except for a bowl of fruit .
the last thing i want to do is cause you any problems .
the last thing i want to do now is clean the bathroom .
the little girl played an angel in the christmas play .
the majority of big banks are introducing this system .
the meeting wasn't as boring as i thought it would be .
the movie is worth seeing at least two or three times .
the number of students in this class is limited to 15 .
the old lady has been rather feeble since her illness .
the only person who doesn't seem to understand is you .
the pilot explained to us why the landing was delayed .
the police arrested the man who had murdered the girl .
the police spokesman said no suspects were in custody .
the policeman blamed the taxi driver for the accident .
the queen shook hands with each player after the game .
the round table was covered by a checkered tablecloth .
the section chief seems to like abusing his authority .
the speed of light is much greater than that of sound .
the summit of the mountain is covered with fresh snow .
the sun is beating down and there's no shade in sight .
the teacher didn't let the students ask any questions .
the temperature has been below zero for many days now .
the tower is three hundred and twenty-one meters high .
the wall was covered with pictures of gunshot victims .
the week before christmas , many stores stay open late .
the whole nation was sad to hear that their king died .
their contract is to run out at the end of this month .
there are a good many reasons why you shouldn't do it .
there are no shortcuts to the top , only to the bottom .
there are some things that are difficult to translate .
there are some things that you should never try doing .
there are usually taxis in front of the train station .
there have been a lot of complaints about that policy .
there is a bookstore in front of the department store .
there is no reason for you to feel inferior to anyone .
there were no customers , so we closed the store early .
there's a man that i don't know in front of the house .
there's a volcano emitting masses of smoke in iceland .
there's no way to predict what you will dream tonight .
there's something i need to tell you before you leave .
they are very proud of being students of that college .
they explored every avenue in an attempt to avoid war .
they rented the room on the second floor to a student .
they supplied the soldiers with enough food and water .
this big sofa is really not suitable for a small room .
this house is large enough for your family to live in .
this is by far the most interesting of all his novels .
this is considered to be a matter of great importance .
this is one of the most bizarre things i've ever seen .
this is the best christmas present i've ever received .
this is the hottest summer we have had in fifty years .
to make a long story short , he married his first love .
tom admitted he didn't do what we had asked him to do .
tom and mary dipped into their savings to buy a house .
tom and mary live in a quiet residential neighborhood .
tom became anorexic when he was a high school student .
tom bought a house with a magnificent view of the sea .
tom called me almost every day while he was in boston .
tom continued to study french for another three years .
tom could see that mary was about to burst into tears .
tom couldn't go to the concert because he had to work .
tom couldn't stand mary not knowing what had happened .
tom did eventually tell me something i needed to know .
tom didn't even know how to say thank you in french .
tom doesn't even know why he was expelled from school .
tom doesn't know whether mary will agree to go or not .
tom drank three bottles of wine by himself last night .
tom found mary a job not too far from where she lives .
tom gave his dog a piece of leftover christmas turkey .
tom gave his three-year-old son a puppy for christmas .
tom got up from the table and walked into the kitchen .
tom had his wife mary followed by a private detective .
tom has no conception of what it's like to be in love .
tom heard a noise and went outside to see what it was .
tom is left-handed , but he writes with his right hand .
tom is taller than any of the other kids in his class .
tom is teaching his younger brothers to play football .
tom makes his own original christmas cards every year .
tom rummaged through the drawer , looking for a pencil .
tom said he didn't know where mary was planning to go .
tom said he was able to do everything he needed to do .
tom said he was looking for someone who speaks french .
tom said that he didn't plan to stay here much longer .
tom said that he was really glad mary moved to boston .
tom said that it probably wouldn't rain until evening .
tom says he doesn't remember what happened that night .
tom says he's going to grow more vegetables this year .
tom told me that he wasn't used to speaking in public .
tom turned off the engine and shut off the headlights .
tom turned off the engine , but left the headlights on .
tom used to spend a lot of time with his grandparents .
tom was found dead in the alley behind the restaurant .
tom will be disappointed if you don't go to his party .
tom wondered how long it would take to finish the job .
tom would've called mary if he'd had her phone number .
tom's garage is filled with things that he never uses .
warm and humid weather increases the number of crimes .
we are fully aware of the importance of the situation .
we ate lunch together and then we chatted for an hour .
we couldn't play outdoors because of the intense heat .
we cut away all the grass and weeds around the church .
we don't want anything like that to ever happen again .
we followed him single file till we reached the cabin .
we have two dogs . one is black and the other is white .
we must cover the furniture before painting the walls .
we need to hire someone with a little more experience .
we should lay down a few ground rules before we begin .
we were having so much fun that we lost track of time .
we're hoping for an update in the next couple of days .
we've got to find tom before he does something stupid .
we've had all kinds of weather over the past few days .
were you able to do everything you wanted to get done ?
what are some foods you usually eat with your fingers ?
what surprised me most was that she didn't like candy .
what would happen if you didn't go to school tomorrow ?
what would your mother think if she saw you like this ?
what you write and how you write can change your life .
what's the difference between a fable and a fairytale ?
when i saw tom yesterday , he was wearing a cowboy hat .
when i think back on what i did , i feel pretty stupid .
when did you find out that tom didn't have to do that ?
when it rains , the buses are late more often than not .
when spring arrives , i'm going to take up a new sport .
when the rain stops , i'll take the dog out for a walk .
when we borrow money , we must agree on the conditions .
when you surf the web , you may be tracked by websites .
whenever i cook spaghetti noodles , i set an egg timer .
where were you ? i've been trying to reach you all day .
whether we will go on the trip depends on the weather .
which team is the most likely to win the championship ?
who is in charge of the office while the boss is away ?
why do i get the feeling you don't like tom very much ?
with more education , he would have found a better job .
would it be possible for me to get something to drink ?
would you like to speak with a mental health provider ?
written by hand , the letter was not very easy to read .
you aren't permitted to bring dogs into this building .
you can get a lot of bang for your buck at this store .
you can get rid of the cold if you take this medicine .
you can see from his chin that takes after his father .
you can stay here as long as you don't make any noise .
you can't just make everyone do what you want them to .
you continue making the same mistakes time after time .
you don't have to do that if you don't really want to .
you look thinner than you did the last time i saw you .
you need to attach your photo to the application form .
you need to decide what kind of person you want to be .
you seem a bit edgy today . is something bothering you ?
you should consult a doctor if the symptoms get worse .
you should know better than to talk back to your boss .
you shouldn't talk to a bus driver while he's driving .
you were lucky that you didn't get caught in the rain .
you'll be paid according to the amount of work you do .
you'll have to work hard if you want to pass the exam .
you're eating like you haven't eaten anything all day .
you're not suggesting tom could have done it , are you ?
your mother must've been beautiful when she was young .
your singing would put a professional singer to shame .
itunes has turned out to be a real cash cow for apple .
he'd like to have a coffee after work . i would too .
hello ? may i speak with mary ? please wait a moment .
i think it's tom at the door . who else would it be ?
tom is a great guy . i couldn't agree with you more .
when should we tell tom this ? now is the best time .
will you have another cup of coffee ? no , thank you .
would you mind helping me with my work ? not at all .
a t-shirt isn't appropriate attire for a job interview .
a few years ago , there was a huge scandal at my school .
a good friend will stand by you through thick and thin .
a liter of milk contains about thirty grams of protein .
a person's face tells a great deal about his character .
a railway bridge is already being built over the river .
a relationship based on total honesty is bound to fail .
a white car has been tailing me for the last two miles .
according to tv news , there was a plane crash in india .
according to the bible , god made the world in six days .
according to the paper , there was a big fire in boston .
after i finished my homework , i watched baseball on tv .
after his death , his paintings were hung in the museum .
after reading his books i feel i can construct a house .
after the concert , the crowd made for the nearest door .
all during my trip i could not keep you out of my mind .
all horses are animals , but not all animals are horses .
all of the children had gone to bed before it got dark .
all you have to do to secure a seat is to wait in line .
americans have to spend hours figuring out their taxes .
an important function of policemen is to catch thieves .
are there any liquids or sharp objects in your luggage ?
are you sure you don't want something a little smaller ?
are you sure you don't want to consider another option ?
aren't you planning to go christmas caroling this year ?
as he grew up , he learned to put things in perspective .
as soon as i can get the chance , i'll come for a visit .
as soon as i find it , i'll bring it over to your place .
as soon as the child saw his mother , he stopped crying .
as winter approaches , the days get shorter and shorter .
ask only questions that can be answered with yes or no .
be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to london .
because of that virus , many elephants lost their lives .
better to be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion .
better to extend an olive branch than launch a missile .
books are for people who wish they were somewhere else .
can you remember the first word you learned in english ?
can you think of any reason why that might be the case ?
can you walk to school , or do you have to take the bus ?
cars parked illegally on this street will be impounded .
children depend on their parents for food and clothing .
could you keep an eye on my suitcase for a few minutes ?
day in and day out , he does nothing but tend his sheep .
do you mind if i open the window and let the smoke out ?
do you regularly use any assistive devices for walking ?
do you think that eating with your family is important ?
do you think we'll be able to do this without any help ?
do you think you would ever consider going out with me ?
does everyone in sweden have blonde hair and blue eyes ?
don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking english .
don't forget to mail this letter on your way to school .
don't throw away this newspaper . i haven't read it yet .
eating too much fat is supposed to cause heart disease .
ebola is one of the most virulent viruses known to man .
education is one of the most essential aspects of life .
even tom wasn't able to answer the teacher's questions .
even if it costs 10 , 000 yen , i must buy the dictionary .
even the richest man in the world can't buy everything .
even though i put on sunscreen , i got really sunburned .
every student was asked his or her name and birthplace .
every year , millions of people die of hunger in africa .
everybody in the park looked up at the hot air balloon .
excuse me , but will you tell me where to change trains ?
finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible .
four people were in the car when the accident happened .
friends help each other . just let me know what's wrong .
from a distance , that stone looks like a person's face .
from the look of the sky , it may begin to snow tonight .
fruits and vegetables are essential to a balanced diet .
has anyone ever told you that you snore when you sleep ?
have you ever eaten anything that made you hallucinate ?
have you seen the necklace tom gave mary for christmas ?
having a few extra batteries handy is never a bad idea .
he and i have been good friends since we were children .
he came to see me three days before he left for africa .
he could not perceive any difference between the twins .
he didn't like to ask for help even if he was starving .
he explained the political background of the war on tv .
he had been ill for a week when they sent for a doctor .
he hung an old , wooden oar on his wall as a decoration .
he is sure to pass the exam if he studies at this rate .
he kept shifting his weight from one foot to the other .
he kissed her goodbye and left , never to be seen again .
he listened to the news on the radio as he fed his dog .
he pretends to be enthusiastic when his boss is around .
he read into my words a message that i hadn't intended .
he received a telegram saying that his mother had died .
he said he would not come in , but he came in after all .
he said that america declared its independence in 1776 .
he said that he would be eighteen on his next birthday .
he settled down in his armchair to listen to the music .
he struck up friendships with the most unlikely people .
he was nearly hit by the car while crossing the street .
he went on reading the book as if nothing had happened .
he will take over the business when his father retires .
he wrote his comments in the margin of the composition .
here is a present for you in token of our appreciation .
here is our answer to your fax message dated april 1st .
hey , wait a minute , are you thinking what i'm thinking ?
his decision to stay there was a surprise to all of us .
his record is a new world record in the 100-meter dash .
how long does it take to walk from here to the station ?
how much water does it take to fill your swimming pool ?
how thoughtful of you to have chilled some wine for us .
i always have a look at the newspaper before breakfast .
i always travel with travelers' checks instead of cash .
i always try to give everyone the benefit of the doubt .
i attended the meeting though my father told me not to .
i bet you're going to tell me you're too tired to help .
i bought a new pair of flip-flops to wear on the beach .
i can afford neither the time nor the money for a trip .
i can't start up my computer . what am i supposed to do ?
i can't survive without air conditioning in the summer .
i can't swallow these tablets without a drink of water .
i can't think of a reason not to go to the beach today .
i can't turn the shower off . could you check it for me ?
i cannot say for certain that the patient will recover .
i didn't do that yesterday , so i have to do that today .
i didn't know who tom was planning to go swimming with .
i didn't tell tom everything mary asked me to tell him .
i do not understand the exact meaning of this sentence .
i don't have to be here . i'm here because i want to be .
i don't know if tom is going to be home this afternoon .
i don't know where my crutches are . have you seen them ?
i don't like being the first one to show up at a party .
i don't really feel like eating ethiopian food tonight .
i don't see why i have to go to your house at midnight .
i don't think anyone has lived in this house for years .
i don't think it's safe to go out at night by yourself .
i don't think we can move this piano without some help .
i don't think we'll find anyone who can do that for us .
i don't understand why people are so afraid of spiders .
i feel completely restored after a week in the country .
i felt so sleepy that i could hardly keep my eyes open .
i forgot to tell you who would meet you at the station .
i found a good place to buy fruit a couple of days ago .
i found the book easily though it was dark in the room .
i gave in to temptation and began to smoke a cigarette .
i gave you explicit instructions not to touch anything .
i give you my permission to do whatever you want to do .
i go up to the rooftop when i want to see the blue sky .
i got sick of the constant noise of the street traffic .
i got up at six , ate breakfast and then went to school .
i had difficulty in making myself understood in french .
i had stage fright at first , but i got over it quickly .
i had stuff to do so i didn't have time to feel lonely .
i have absolutely no idea when i'm supposed to do that .
i have an early memory of my grandmother darning socks .
i have fond memories of all the time we spent together .
i have important business to take care of in my office .
i have nothing in particular to say about this problem .
i haven't eaten any meat since i was fifteen years old .
i heard tom has come back from australia for christmas .
i heard that tom has come back to boston for christmas .
i just want to be able to support my family and myself .
i just want to say how thankful i am for all your help .
i know that tom didn't know you didn't want to do that .
i know that it is highly unlikely that anyone knows me .
i know you're busy , but can i talk to you for a minute ?
i know you're probably mad about what i said yesterday .
i know you've got more important things to think about .
i listened but couldn't make out what they were saying .
i live near the sea , so i often get to go to the beach .
i look forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter .
i made a list of people i wanted to invite to my party .
i missed the last bus and had to walk home in the rain .
i must admit that i don't like contemporary music much .
i never answer email messages from people i don't know .
i never imagined so many people would come to my party .
i never see this picture without thinking of my father .
i often don't express myself as well as i wish i could .
i once knew a girl that snorted every time she laughed .
i ordered way too much . i don't think i can eat it all .
i received a telegram saying that my uncle had arrived .
i spent three months in a hospital when i was thirteen .
i started a new blog . i'll do my best to keep it going .
i still don't think that's the best way to settle this .
i strongly advise you to take this medicine right away .
i studied english for four years with a native speaker .
i suppose everyone thinks i'm being a little too picky .
i suppose you want to ask me who i was with last night .
i tend to look at the pictures before reading the text .
i think it's safe to assume tom won't be here tomorrow .
i think it's very likely that they'll arrive next week .
i think she is withholding information from the police .
i think this is the only way to get rid of cockroaches .
i think you'd better take an umbrella in case it rains .
i thought for a moment tom was going to start laughing .
i thought that tom was planning on staying for a month .
i thought we'd try that new restaurant down the street .
i thought you'd eventually realize tom didn't like you .
i threw a ball to my dog and he caught it in his mouth .
i understand that this is a difficult decision for you .
i used to go fishing with my father when i was a child .
i used to write in my diary every day when i was young .
i usually eat lunch with tom two or three times a week .
i want to know more about the accident that killed tom .
i want to make sure we have enough time to finish this .
i want you to return the book i lent you the other day .
i was able to get my parents to consent to my marriage .
i was disappointed when i heard that you couldn't come .
i was hoping i could go back to the beach next weekend .
i was nervous at first , but gradually got more relaxed .
i went to the theater early so i could get a good seat .
i will not be able to open the box without breaking it .
i wonder how many people in australia can speak french .
i wonder who will help tom decorate the christmas tree .
i would like a large slice of cake and a cup of coffee .
i'd like to know why my name was deleted from the list .
i'll need at least three days to translate that thesis .
i'm a woman and i don't think that it's strange at all .
i'm afraid i can't help you . you must ask someone else .
i'm glad that i didn't eat the food that made you sick .
i'm looking for a lipstick to go with this nail polish .
i'm one of the thirty people who were asked to do that .
i'm sorry for my terrible french . i'm still a beginner .
i'm sorry to bother you , but we've got a small problem .
i'm still waiting for tom to do what i asked him to do .
i'm sure tom doesn't want to be alone on christmas eve .
i'm tired , and i make a lot of mistakes when i'm tired .
i'm too tired to concentrate on this problem right now .
i've already waited two hours . i can't wait any longer .
i've been asked to play my clarinet at a charity event .
i've made up my mind to come up with a better solution .
i've never seen you cook . can you cook anything at all ?
i've never told anyone that before , not even my mother .
if i had bought the painting then , i would be rich now .
if i had known how to do it , i would've done it myself .
if i were in your situation , i would do the same thing .
if tom ate more vegetables , he'd probably be healthier .
if tom had had something to throw , he'd have thrown it .
if he's late , it's ok to start the meeting without him .
if it doesn't rain soon , our garden is going to dry up .
if it were not for my family , i would give up this job .
if it'sall right with you , i'll go home early today .
if the sun were to go out , all living things would die .
if there's something you don't understand , let me know .
if we're not careful , the same thing will happen to us .
if you are not going to the concert , then neither am i .
if you are to realize your dream , you must work harder .
if you cut the tail off of a lizard , it will grow back .
if you follow this street , you will get to the station .
if you question his sincerity , do not ask for his help .
if you think you're someone , you stop becoming someone .
if you want something done , ask a busy person to do it .
if you want to ask a question , please put your hand up .
in 1683 , the turks besieged vienna for the second time .
in 1939 , as in 1914 , the world was on the brink of war .
in japan people come of age when they are 20 years old .
in a court of fowls , the cockroach never wins his case .
in my opinion , permanent peace is nothing but illusion .
in spite of the bad weather , they decided to go by car .
in the future , many workers will be replaced by robots .
in what kind of situations would you use that sentence ?
instead of going to europe , i decided to go to america .
introverts often find it difficult to make new friends .
is someone making you feel afraid when you are at home ?
is there anything else you can tell us that might help ?
is there something in particular that you want to hear ?
is there something in particular that you want to know ?
is this the first time you've had this kind of problem ?
it began to rain , so he did not have to water the lawn .
it could take years before this bridge is ready to use .
it didn't escape me that tom was contradicting himself .
it goes without saying that honesty is the best policy .
it goes without saying that nobody can come between us .
it is getting more and more difficult to make a living .
it is perfectly natural for him to be proud of his son .
it is your constant efforts that count most in the end .
it may not be a good idea to eat while you are running .
it might sound far-fetched , but this is a real problem .
it sounds as if the government doesn't know what to do .
it takes 165 years for neptune to orbit around the sun .
it took him a long time to take in what she was saying .
it was a dreary day and tom didn't feel like going out .
it was a great tragedy for them to lose their only son .
it was below zero this morning , but i cycled to school .
it was not until i reached home that i missed my purse .
it was such a wonderful movie that i saw it five times .
it'd be better to avoid her now , because she's violent .
it'd take too long to explain to you why it won't work .
it'll take me 20 minutes to get to the station by taxi .
it's a fledgling technology but it shows great promise .
it's a great honor to have had the king visit our city .
it's a lot easier to fall in love than to stay in love .
it's been a week , but i'm still suffering from jet lag .
it's best to make international calls person to person .
it's easier to learn a new language when you are young .
it's no use for him to try to find out the real reason .
it's not like you're going to get arrested or anything .
it's not that easy to learn a new language after fifty .
it's reasonable to assume tom was the one who did that .
it's unlikely that a hacker could get into our website .
it's unlikely that that movie will make a lot of money .
it's up to you to decide whether we'll go there or not .
john f . fitzgerald was elected mayor of boston in 1906 .
judging from her appearance , she seems to be very rich .
just as he was going out , there was a great earthquake .
just think about how you'd feel in a similar situation .
lake baikal in russia is the deepest lake in the world .
last night my house was robbed while i was still awake .
let's meet in front of the main entrance at two-thirty .
life imitates art more often than the other way around .
main street was blocked off all morning for the parade .
many men grow beards because they're too lazy to shave .
many people are suffering from hunger around the world .
many people thought that the report was poorly written .
millions of people in the united states are unemployed .
more people came to the party than i had bargained for .
most shops near the school are closed on saturdays now .
my english teacher recommended that i read these books .
my brother is very important . at least he thinks he is .
my computer is connected to a properly grounded outlet .
my father bought this house for us when we got married .
my friend copied my homework and the teacher found out .
my mother happened to be there when the fire broke out .
my mother likes tulips very much and so does my sister .
my mother tasted the soup and added a little more salt .
my sister works at the united states embassy in london .
my wife's part-time job brings in a little extra money .
next time you come , don't forget to give it back to me .
no one ever knew the true story except the three of us .
no one has the right to tell you how to live your life .
no other student in the class is as brilliant as he is .
no practical joker should be without a whoopee cushion .
no sooner had i left the house than it started to rain .
nobody wants to be the first one to jump into the pool .
nowadays it is not unusual for a woman to travel alone .
nowadays , almost every home has one or two televisions .
october is tom's favorite month , and perhaps mine , too .
of the three boys , the youngest is the most attractive .
on average , how many cups of coffee do you drink daily ?
once a bad habit is formed , it's hard to get rid of it .
once you walk through the gates , you'll see the garden .
one hundred and fifty people entered the marathon race .
one of her three cars is blue and the others are white .
one of my dreams is to one day see the aurora borealis .
only members of the club are entitled to use this room .
only one third of the members turned up at the meeting .
our rent is four times as much as it was ten years ago .
our teacher doesn't just speak english , but french too .
part of this conviction is rooted in my own experience .
people can easily start loving , but not so easily stop .
people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones .
perhaps i should take an umbrella with me just in case .
please drop it in the mail if it's not out of your way .
please tell me which bus to take to get to the station .
prince william is second in line to the english throne .
recently there have been a lot of protests in the city .
selfie sticks are banned in many museums and galleries .
she asked him some questions , but he refused to answer .
she asked me what had become of him , but i didn't know .
she came to japan for the purpose of studying japanese .
she flatters herself by thinking that she is beautiful .
she has always done her best to make their life easier .
she has two cats . one is black , and the other is white .
she is two years old , but she can already count to 100 .
she looks young , but actually she's older than you are .
she makes it a point to always arrive fashionably late .
she must have been very young when she wrote this poem .
she needed some money to buy something to feed her dog .
she put on her sister's jeans and looked in the mirror .
she showed her guests how to eat what she had prepared .
she spends more time thinking about work than doing it .
she'll be having dinner with him at this time tomorrow .
she's so gullible she'll believe anything you tell her .
since i didn't know what to do , i asked him for advice .
since he was dressed in black , he looked like a priest .
since it's written in easy french , i can understand it .
since my mother was sick , i couldn't go to the concert .
since the accident , i don't like looking in the mirror .
since there wasn't much time to spare , she took a taxi .
small businesses are often absorbed by a major company .
so difficult was the question that no one could answer .
some parents don't punish their children when they lie .
some people are for the plan and others are against it .
some people will go to great lengths to avoid conflict .
sooner or later , i'll probably get tired of doing this .
sorry for not answering your question . i didn't see it .
sorry , but can you show me the way to the next village ?
spending time with your family should be your priority .
step away from the car and put your hands on your head .
stop beating around the bush and tell me what happened .
stores are closed in the afternoon because of the heat .
students are impatient for the summer holidays to come .
take a few steps and tell me if it hurts when you walk .
taken by surprise , i couldn't think of anything to say .
taking a hot bath helps me take my mind off my worries .
tell tom what's going to happen to him if he does that .
that kind of thing doesn't happen in this neighborhood .
the japan sea separates japan from the asian continent .
the japanese attacked pearl harbor on december 7 , 1941 .
the president says we must beef up our military forces .
the taj mahal is one of the seven wonders of the world .
the tokyo stock exchange rallied at the end of the day .
the atomic bomb destroyed the entire city of hiroshima .
the boy pretended that he was too sick to go to school .
the brave fireman rescued a boy from the burning house .
the castle has been restored and is open to the public .
the child had no overcoat on although it was very cold .
the children sense what's going on between the parents .
the climate of new zealand is similar to that of japan .
the company produces soy sauce and other food products .
the crane , unlike the dog , has never dreamed of flying .
the delivery of the goods was delayed due to the storm .
the doctor placed a stethoscope on the patient's chest .
the examples in this dictionary are easy to understand .
the friend who i thought would pass the exam failed it .
the hospital food wasn't as bad as i expected it to be .
the ingredients for this recipe are a little expensive .
the kind of information we need isn't always available .
the kitten lapped up the milk i poured into the saucer .
the last thing i want to do is cause you any more pain .
the leader governed his country for more than 50 years .
the locomotive was pulling a long line of freight cars .
the man never told the police what his destination was .
the man you saw in my office yesterday is from belgium .
the moment i held the baby in my arms , it began to cry .
the more we learn , the better we realize our ignorance .
the natives have to defend their land against invaders .
the new law has deprived the citizens of their liberty .
the number is 932-8647 , but i don't know the area code .
the number of fish caught in this river was very small .
the number of people who go abroad has been increasing .
the opening ceremony of the olympics has already begun .
the phone call was a trick to get him out of the house .
the police think that someone tampered with the brakes .
the police used a battering ram to break down the door .
the population of japan is larger than that of britain .
the population of tokyo is greater than that of london .
the prime minister appoints the members of his cabinet .
the psychologist asked me a whole battery of questions .
the radio is too loud . can't you turn it down a little ?
the results of the experiment were not as we had hoped .
the room in which the exam was being held was very hot .
the samurai decapitated his opponent in one fell swoop .
the show was very interesting . you should have seen it .
the sooner you return , the happier your father will be .
the stars are shining very brightly in the sky tonight .
the storm kept us from searching for the missing child .
the sun comes up in the east and goes down in the west .
the ticket you've bought isn't valid during peak times .
the top spun perilously close to the edge of the table .
the tornado touched down two kilometers from my school .
the train is traveling at the rate of 50 miles an hour .
the train was derailed by a piece of iron on the track .
the train was held up because of the railroad accident .
the view from the top of the mountain was breathtaking .
the whale is a very large mammal that lives in the sea .
the withdrawal symptoms are more severe than i thought .
there are many jobs available in the computer industry .
there are many things in life more important than work .
there are many useful appliances in the hardware store .
there are now three cars parked in front of your house .
there are turtles that are more than two centuries old .
there has been a rash of burglaries in my neighborhood .
there is a certain amount of truth in what he's saying .
there is a little wine left in the bottom of the glass .
there is an urgent need for improved living conditions .
there must be a way to arrive at a diplomatic solution .
there should be more national hospitals for old people .
there was nothing but sand as far as the eye could see .
there's nothing like close combat to test one's mettle .
these flowers are not only beautiful but also fragrant .
they are talking over a cup of coffee in the cafeteria .
they asked a lot of questions about my past experience .
they decided on the date and location of their wedding .
they diverted the river to supply water somewhere else .
they kidnapped me , drugged me , and then brainwashed me .
they're dimming the lights . the play is about to begin .
think of what you are reading while you are reading it .
this has nothing to do with what we were talking about .
this is a book that my teacher recommended that i read .
this is a nice restaurant . thanks for bringing me here .
this river is shallow enough to wade to the other side .
this work is simple enough that even a child can do it .
thomas jefferson left the white house in march of 1809 .
those who know do not talk . those who talk do not know .
time passes quickly when we're doing something we like .
tom and i've decided not to go to boston for christmas .
tom and mary sat on the beach and talked to each other .
tom asked mary many questions that she couldn't answer .
tom asked mary to wait for him in front of the library .
tom boiled the well water so it would be safe to drink .
tom can't speak french . mary can't speak french either .
tom certainly wasn't at home when we went to visit him .
tom checked mary's pulse to see if she was still alive .
tom cut the cake with the new knife mary had given him .
tom did his best to avoid making eye contact with mary .
tom didn't get a chance to thank mary for all her help .
tom didn't get paid as much as he thought he was worth .
tom didn't know when mary was planning to go to boston .
tom died three weeks ago after being bitten by a cobra .
tom doesn't get along with the man who lives next door .
tom doesn't know the difference between linen and wool .
tom doesn't like it when mary criticizes him in public .
tom doesn't like the color of the walls in his bedroom .
tom doesn't think he'll have the time to do that today .
tom doesn't wash the dishes . he leaves that up to mary .
tom earns the money , but it's managed by his wife mary .
tom found out mary was stealing from the cash register .
tom found the hat mary was looking for in the basement .
tom had sunglasses on when i saw him a few minutes ago .
tom is better at science than anyone else in his class .
tom is one of the more than 3 , 000 inmates on death row .
tom is very proud of what he's been able to accomplish .
tom is wearing those gloves you gave him for christmas .
tom isn't the one who told me i didn't need to do that .
tom kept on talking even though mary had fallen asleep .
tom likes this place better than where he used to live .
tom poured mary a cup of coffee and topped off his own .
tom realized that he wasn't as smart as the other kids .
tom said that he didn't know if he had time to do that .
tom says he and mary will spend christmas day together .
tom told mary that she shouldn't walk alone after dark .
tom usually gets to work at least thirty minutes early .
tom was about to say something , but he stopped himself .
tom was afraid that no one would show up for the party .
tom was writing at his desk when mary entered the room .
tom whispered something into mary's ear and she smiled .
tom's family showed a video of his life at his funeral .
unfortunately , i can't come tomorrow; i have a meeting .
washing dishes is something i don't really enjoy doing .
we are looking for someone who is proficient in french .
we are looking forward to your visit to our new office .
we depend on foreign nations for our natural resources .
we encountered a lot of difficulties on the expedition .
we exchanged phone numbers at the end of the gathering .
we have to transmit our culture to the next generation .
we have yet to discover an effective remedy for cancer .
we haven't had a price increase in the last five years .
we must consider the financial aspects of this project .
we need to figure out what works and what doesn't work .
we need to find out who he is and who he's working for .
we often do what we have to do , not what we want to do .
we started with 20 students . now we have more than 200 .
we still haven't found tom . i wonder where he could be .
we were all ears when he started to tell us his secret .
we were amazed at the excellence of the boy's drawings .
we were mesmerized by the pulsating glow of the embers .
we're very proud of what we've been able to accomplish .
we've decided to postpone the meeting till next monday .
what are some foods you usually eat with your children ?
what are some of the most popular foods eaten in spain ?
what kind of deodorant do you prefer , spray or roll-on ?
what language do you usually use when talking with tom ?
what would you do if you saw a man from another planet ?
what're the chances that tom will actually get the job ?
what's the best thing you've ever gotten for christmas ?
what's wrong with parading around your own house naked ?
when i heard that song , it reminded me of my childhood .
when i was a child , i played with my friends every day .
when i was young , i used to often watch baseball games .
when he got to the station , the train had already left .
when she saw that they had no schools , she started one .
when summer is over , the days grow shorter and shorter .
when we got to the station , the train had already left .
whenever i see you , my heart tells me that i'm in love .
whether he wrote it or not will always remain a secret .
whether we win or lose , i won't have any hard feelings .
while he was lost in thought , he heard his name called .
who was the first person to break the four-minute mile ?
who's the person sitting at the other end of the table ?
with a bicycle , i could reach your house in 20 minutes .
women eat lighter meals when they're eating with a guy .
words cannot express the extent to which you are wrong .
yesterday , i ran into my teacher at the amusement park .
you can't accuse him of stealing unless you have proof .
you can't just barge in here whenever you feel like it .
you can't just walk in here and start dictating policy .
you can't say anything till you know the circumstances .
you don't have to stand out there in the rain . come in .
you had better not tell your father about the accident .
you had better read a lot of books while you are young .
you have excellent vision . why are you wearing glasses ?
you have to take off your shoes before you can come in .
you may as well leave such a decision to your daughter .
you may eat anything as long as you don't eat too much .
you must realize that prosperity does not last forever .
you should not give your children everything they want .
you should really lay off that . it'll ruin your health .
you shouldn't let children play with the kitchen knife .
you will not be able to go through the book so quickly .
you'd be amazed how much time tom spends playing games .
you'll save yourself a lot of time if you take the car .
you're more beautiful now than the day i first met you .
you've done a wonderful job on the interior decoration .
you've made no allowance for the fact that he is young .
you've somehow managed to misconstrue what i have said .
your feet are swollen because your shoes are too small .
can i get you a beer ? do you have anything stronger ?
did giving tom the money help ? i don't think it did .
do you want to hug me or kiss me ? i want to do both .
have you paid your bill yet ? we most certainly have .
let me get you a cup of coffee . i'd appreciate that .
tom and mary have broken up . that's ancient history .
a french translation of this book was published in 2013 .
a chance like this only comes along once in a blue moon .
a female friend of mine loves to go to gay bars with me .
a glass of cold water is very refreshing in hot weather .
a good yoga session can limber you up like nothing else .
a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step .
a lawn needs to be mowed regularly and in the right way .
a loophole in the law allowed him to escape prosecution .
a man's worth lies not in what he has but in what he is .
a reception was given for the japanese foreign minister .
a rush-hour traffic jam delayed my arrival by two hours .
a stranger came up and asked me the way to the hospital .
a stray dog followed tom home and he decided to keep it .
according to the paper , there was an earthquake in peru .
adopting a low calorie diet will increase your lifespan .
all i want now is a hot shower and a good night's sleep .
all the kids at school made fun of me because i was fat .
all things considered , my father's life was a happy one .
although it was still early , it was already hot outside .
although there's little chance of success , let's try it .
america likes to claim that it is a classless society .
any apartment will do as long as the rent is reasonable .
any teacher that can be replaced by a machine should be .
apart from on rainy days , i always ride my bike to work .
are you sure you did everything you were supposed to do ?
are your ankles swollen when you wake up in the morning ?
as far as i know , tom has never tried to commit suicide .
as far as i know , he is a person who keeps his promises .
as far as the eye could see , there was nothing but sand .
as long as you live in my house , you'll follow my rules .
as the sun rises , the morning mist gradually fades away .
boston is one of the cities that i really want to visit .
both boys and girls should take cooking class in school .
can a person born blind ever understand what colors are ?
children need many things , but above all they need love .
cosmetic surgery is not covered by most insurance plans .
could you give me the name and phone number of a doctor ?
could you please tell me what your cell phone number is ?
did you see the sunset earlier ? it was really beautiful .
do you have any idea how important your test grades are ?
do you have anyone who you can call if you need to talk ?
do you have difficulty breathing when you lie down flat ?
do you keep in contact with your high school classmates ?
do you know of an apartment i can rent that allows pets ?
do you think that there's a chance i could get that job ?
do you think the pond is frozen hard enough to skate on ?
don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand .
due to the worsening weather , the departure was delayed .
even though he was exhausted , he had to go back to work .
even though there was a no u-turn sign , i made a u-turn .
every day they killed a llama to make the sun god happy .
every morning she gets up early because she has to cook .
every time i look at this picture , i think of my father .
everybody was disguised , so i couldn't tell who was who .
everyone wants to go to heaven , but nobody wants to die .
excuse me , could you tell me the way to the post office ?
experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes .
few people are on a first name basis with the president .
for the time being , he's staying at a neighboring hotel .
generally speaking , a woman will live longer than a man .
have you been crying all night ? your eyes are all puffy .
have you ever been diagnosed with a learning disability ?
have you ever heard the story of the boy who cried wolf ?
have you finished reading the book i lent you last week ?
have you made up your mind where to go for the holidays ?
have you noticed a change in the size or color of moles ?
have you seen the christmas lights the neighbors put up ?
he always plans a thing out carefully before he does it .
he asked her to marry him and she accepted his proposal .
he can play the piano , the flute , the guitar , and so on .
he claimed that he had returned the book to the library .
he could swim across the river when he was in his teens .
he doesn't just speak french , he speaks spanish as well .
he doesn't want to admit that he has a drinking problem .
he doesn't want to talk to me now , and i don't know why .
he enjoys wandering around the forest in his spare time .
he has dedicated his life to the preservation of nature .
he has not come yet . something may have happened to him .
he has worked out a quicker way to get the job finished .
he is complaining about something or other all the time .
he is not the sort of man who counts on others for help .
he never travels without taking an alarm clock with him .
he often accuses her of never listening to what he says .
he testified that no money changed hands at the meeting .
he took a deep breath before entering his boss's office .
he tried to put the fragments of a broken vase together .
he visited his hometown for the first time in ten years .
he wanted his ashes spread over the ocean after he died .
he was so drunk that his explanation did not make sense .
he was suspended from school for a week for bad conduct .
he was very angry with me when i forgot the appointment .
he went out of the room without being noticed by anyone .
he who thinks he has learned enough has learned nothing .
he will be having dinner with her at this time tomorrow .
he's got what it takes to make it in the business world .
he's resigned his position as chairman of the committee .
her windows were broken and her shutters hung crookedly .
here's a list of people i want to invite to our wedding .
how about having a drink after we finish our work today ?
how can i think about anything else at a time like this ?
how could you agree to doing that without consulting me ?
how long can you stand on one leg with your eyes closed ?
how long does it take from here to tokyo station by car ?
how many dolls did you have when you were a little girl ?
how many kinds of vegetables do you grow in your garden ?
how many people do you think die from cancer every year ?
how much heroin or methadone do you usually use per day ?
i agree with the opinion that real estate is overpriced .
i always confuse which side is port and which starboard .
i am sorry to cancel the appointment at the last minute .
i asked tom to go to the supermarket and buy some bread .
i asked her to slowly read off the numbers on the meter .
i asked him to slowly read off the numbers on the meter .
i barely managed to finish the letter by eleven o'clock .
i believe that people tend to focus on the wrong things .
i bought the least expensive pair of shoes in the store .
i can't buy that now , because i don't have enough money .
i can't figure out how to transfer mp3 files to my ipod .
i can't just leave . i have to tell the boss i'm leaving .
i can't make that decision without talking to tom first .
i can't remember the last time we had a white christmas .
i come into contact with all kinds of people in my work .
i could have won the race if i hadn't sprained my ankle .
i couldn't have done that if you hadn't been helping me .
i couldn't have wished for a better gift this christmas .
i did so , not because i wanted to , but because i had to .
i didn't realize my wallet was missing until i got home .
i don't agree with the government's policy on education .
i don't feel like taking my dog for a walk this morning .
i don't have a can opener , so i can't get this can open .
i don't know whether i did the right thing by accepting .
i don't know who they are , but they don't look friendly .
i don't think i'll be able to do what you want me to do .
i don't think tom realized just how much mary loved him .
i don't think tom would try to do that without our help .
i don't think it would work as well as you might expect .
i don't think that i could forgive myself if i did that .
i don't think that tom would like living here very much .
i don't think we should be talking about this right now .
i don't think you'll be able to persuade tom to do that .
i don't want that and i know you don't want that either .
i don't want to go through another experience like that .
i enjoy sipping on a margarita with salt around the rim .
i feel like everyone is talking about me behind my back .
i feel like going out rather than staying at home today .
i felt that he skirted around the most important issues .
i finally found time to sit down and read the newspaper .
i forgot to put on the stamp before i mailed the letter .
i had a feeling something like this was going to happen .
i had a hard time getting back into the swing of things .
i had my doubts about whether that was the right choice .
i had no idea that tom was going to leave me his estate .
i had to shoot my horse because he was in a lot of pain .
i have no interest in putting my money into your dreams .
i have not eaten any seafood since the recent oil spill .
i have something very special planned for your birthday .
i have to study hard to keep up with the other students .
i haven't told the kids yet that we're getting divorced .
i haven't yet made amends with all the people i've hurt .
i heard about the accident for the first time yesterday .
i heard her speaking english as fluently as an american .
i heard that a paralyzed man was eaten alive by maggots .
i heard that a woman stabbed a man for eating her lunch .
i hope you know the last thing i want to do is hurt you .
i just got a letter from someone i knew a long time ago .
i keep all my old pictures in the attic in a wooden box .
i keep saying that i'm innocent , but no one will listen .
i knew he was rich , but i didn't think he was that rich .
i know a lot of people who don't know how to play chess .
i left my keys on the table . could you bring them to me ?
i like to take things apart to see what makes them tick .
i made an appointment to see the doctor at four o'clock .
i never imagined we'd be talking about this topic today .
i never thought it'd be this hard to create an ipad app .
i really need to catch the first train tomorrow morning .
i received an invitation from him , but didn't accept it .
i rushed to turn on the tv so i wouldn't miss that game .
i sat at the front in order to hear the lecture clearly .
i saw some small animals running away in all directions .
i searched in my pocket for a coin to make a phone call .
i should've never walked so much in a new pair of shoes .
i shouldn't have to go to the dentist again for a while .
i still have just enough time to get this done , i think .
i stopped at the store and got some milk on my way back .
i studied french in school , but i'm not very good at it .
i suggest keeping your opinions to yourself from now on .
i suggest that you don't say anything about this to tom .
i suppose you want to ask me what i was doing yesterday .
i think i like eating white rice better than brown rice .
i think it was a mistake that you didn't take my advice .
i think it's not a good idea to let children drink wine .
i think it's time for me to discuss the matter with him .
i thought we'd agreed that you wouldn't do that anymore .
i thought you said that you didn't want to be disturbed .
i thought you said we weren't going to complain anymore .
i told you not to talk about the matter in her presence .
i tried to convince myself i hadn't done anything wrong .
i tried to talk a friend of mine out of getting married .
i used some of the walnuts you gave me in these cookies .
i want to be able to speak french like a native speaker .
i want to live in a world where people love one another .
i was curious to know why people had been staring at me .
i was just about to go out shopping when you telephoned .
i was just wondering what kind of pets you have at home .
i will send you a copy of this picture as soon as i can .
i would rather throw the money away than give it to him .
i would've written a longer letter if i'd had more time .
i'd like to give tom something special for his birthday .
i'd love to go with you to the show , but i'm flat broke .
i'm going to australia to visit my family for christmas .
i'm going to go to the kitchen to grab something to eat .
i'm going to make some coffee . would you like some , too ?
i'm going to prepare for the final exams this afternoon .
i'm not sure if i'm going to be able to be of much help .
i'm not sure what it was , but it sounded like a gunshot .
i'm not tall enough to reach the books on the top shelf .
i'm not the only one here who doesn't understand french .
i'm sorry to have kept you waiting for such a long time .
i've been trying to figure out this problem all morning .
i've decided to approach the problem from another angle .
i've decided to buy the blue car instead of the red one .
i've found a good job , away from the city and the noise .
i've made up my mind to give back all the money i stole .
i've never used a hacksaw before . could you show me how ?
if i had eaten more for lunch , i wouldn't be hungry now .
if tom wasn't so stupid , he would've understood quicker .
if anything should ever happen to me , you can look here .
if he had studied harder , he would have passed the exam .
if it had not been for your advice , i would have failed .
if it wasn't for modern medicine , i'd be dead right now .
if there is anything you want , don't hesitate to ask me .
if you are to know a nation , you must learn its history .
if you can't come , you should let me know ahead of time .
if you can't fix the pipe , we'll have to call a plumber .
if you continue doing that , you'll probably get injured .
if you didn't eat the cake i made , then your sister did .
if you don't do your duty , people will look down on you .
if you don't have this key , you won't be able to get in .
if you don't want to miss the train , you'd better hurry .
if you follow me , i'll show you the way to the hospital .
if you had asked me to marry you , i would have said yes .
if you know the answer to this question , please tell me .
if you know what's good for you , you'll quit doing that .
if you say anything about this to anyone , we're through .
if you tell a lie enough times , you begin to believe it .
if you want this job , you must apply for it by tomorrow .
if you're feeling bad , maybe you should go see a doctor .
in christianity , jesus is believed to be the son of god .
in england , in the summer , the sun rises at about 4 a . m .
in rio de janeiro , 20% of the population lives in slums .
in order to stay awake , i may have to drink more coffee .
in two years , the company has more than doubled in size .
industry as we know it today didn't exist in those days .
is there a big market for this kind of thing these days ?
is there someplace around here that can fix a flat tire ?
is there something in particular that you want to drink ?
is there something in particular that you want to learn ?
is there something in particular that you want to study ?
is there something in particular that you want to watch ?
it doesn't matter whether your answer is right or wrong .
it is good for your health to take a walk every morning .
it is hard for an old man to change his way of thinking .
it is impossible to know what will happen in the future .
it is the price they pay for their years of over-eating .
it isn't always easy to know a good book from a bad one .
it isn't anywhere near as hot today as it was yesterday .
it makes no difference to me whether she is rich or not .
it struck me that the girl was trying to hide something .
it took me a long time to get over my last relationship .
it was because of the storm that the trains were halted .
it was clear that she was not concerned with the matter .
it was impossible for the boy to swim across that river .
it was one of the most rewarding experiences of my life .
it was the end of winter , and the weather was very cold .
it was yesterday that i saw him walking down the street .
it wasn't exactly what i wanted , but i bought it anyway .
it wasn't possible for the boy to swim across the river .
it wasn't until i heard him speak that i recognized him .
it won't be necessary for us to come back here tomorrow .
it would be a pity to let all our hard work go to waste .
it would be better for you to stay away from such a man .
it would be fun to see how things change over the years .
it's a good thing to read good books when you are young .
it's a nice country to visit , but i wouldn't live there .
it's cold . it was foolish of you not to bring your coat .
it's difficult to help people that don't want your help .
it's not fair to attribute your failure to your parents .
it's possible that they haven't seen each other's faces .
japan has caught up with europe and america in medicine .
japanese industry has made great advances since the war .
let me sort through my clothes to see what i can donate .
let's hope tom doesn't try to do that without some help .
let's see how the negotiations pan out before we decide .
let's suppose you happen to strike it rich at the races .
looking at his face , you could tell that he was annoyed .
machines that his company produces are superior to ours .
many big projects will be completed in the 21st century .
mary had some weird food cravings when she was pregnant .
mary works as a waitress at a restaurant on park street .
may i begin by thanking every one for your warm welcome ?
more than half of the residents are opposed to the plan .
most of the food we buy in supermarkets is overpackaged .
most people think computers will never be able to think .
my brother would often stay up all night reading novels .
my business is at a standstill because of the recession .
my daughter's getting all gussied up for her first date .
my father is very much involved in the stock market now .
my house isn't very large , but it's large enough for me .
my mother has a driver's license , but she doesn't drive .
my older brother was the one who taught me how to drive .
my parents have gone to the airport to see my uncle off .
my son isn't the only one who enjoys eating her cooking .
my students have been eagerly awaiting the test results .
no matter how fast you run , you won't catch up with him .
no matter how hard i try , i can't remember how to do it .
no matter how hard you try , the result will be the same .
no matter what you say , i don't think tom is a nice guy .
no matter where you may go , don't forget to write to me .
now that you know the truth , perhaps you'll feel better .
one of the men had a large red scar across his forehead .
one's point of view depends on the point where one sits .
our company wants to take part in that research project .
people ask you for criticism , but they only want praise .
people tend to raise their voices when they get excited .
picasso kept drawing pictures until he was 91 years old .
please fasten your seat belt during takeoff and landing .
please fill out this form and wait for us to notify you .
please remember to wake me up at seven tomorrow morning .
please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail .
please take off all of your clothes from the waist down .
please wait until we get the results of the examination .
preserves must be stored in a jar with an airtight seal .
quite a few shingles flew off the roof during the storm .
real men go to the gym to pump iron , not to do aerobics .
seen from a distance , this mountain looks like mt . fuji .
she advised him to catch the first train in the morning .
she caught me by the arm and stopped me from going home .
she forgot that she had promised to call him last night .
she found the ring that she had lost during the journey .
she had already gone to bed when i called her at 11 p . m .
she has a bad habit of talking a long time on the phone .
she has no chances of coming in contact with foreigners .
she ran across her old friend while walking in the park .
she saved her baby's life at the risk of losing her own .
she studied hard in order not to fail the entrance exam .
she tells him to give her all of his salary and he does .
she thought of a good way to make money on the internet .
she took advantage of her paid vacation and went skiing .
she was about to call him up when he walked in the door .
since there were no customers , we closed the shop early .
since when do you have a problem with the death penalty ?
since you're the oldest , you need to set a good example .
some people do not like to wake up early in the morning .
some people think the government has way too much power .
sorry i couldn't come over yesterday . something came up .
supplies were trucked in from as far away as california .
teachers often buy school supplies with their own money .
that bridge across this river is the oldest in the town .
that car dealership has a reputation for selling lemons .
that looks like my handwriting , but i didn't write that .
that offer sounds too good to be true . what's the catch ?
that's the most beautiful christmas tree i've ever seen .
the american civil war is the central theme of the book .
the japanese take off their shoes when entering a house .
the milky way consists of about a hundred billion stars .
the u . s . gun ownership rate is the highest in the world .
the u . s . incarceration rate is the highest in the world .
the audience could hardly wait for the concert to begin .
the bathtub was filled with hot water and flower petals .
the best thing would be for you to do the work yourself .
the burglar gained access to the house through a window .
the captain is responsible for the safety of passengers .
the children tried to catch snowflakes on their tongues .
the colors of the american flag are red , white and blue .
the doctor knew how to cope with an emergency like this .
the fact that i lost my temper made matters still worse .
the girl said that she had never heard of such a person .
the girl wanted to tell him the truth , but she couldn't .
the government is trying to bring things back to normal .
the grand jury decided not to indict the police officer .
the hurricane has already caused havoc in the caribbean .
the hypnotist was able to put his subject into a trance .
the last two lines of the document are mostly illegible .
the mafia boss was killed in a hail of machine gun fire .
the manufacturer guaranteed the new machine for 5 years .
the meeting will have finished by the time we get there .
the movie was so dull that the audience left one by one .
the new ceo opened up a lot of avenues for partnerships .
the old lady lived in a three-room apartment by herself .
the only thing that matters is that we are all together .
the only thing that matters is that you weren't injured .
the pain of having lost his family drove him to suicide .
the pain of the compound fracture was almost unbearable .
the party is to be held next sunday , weather permitting .
the police found no signs of foul play in the apartment .
the police stepped up their efforts to catch the rapist .
the poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator .
the population of shanghai is as large as that of tokyo .
the prisoner who escaped two days ago is still at large .
the rain prevented us from finishing our game of tennis .
the receptionist forced me to sign my name on the paper .
the regulation was abolished , but then it was reenacted .
the shop on the corner sells fruit at a very good price .
the small airport near where i live has only one runway .
the stars twinkling in the night sky looked like jewels .
the students were for the most part from the west coast .
the taxi driver refused to take us to that part of town .
the teacher is busy looking over the examination papers .
the teacher omitted the exercise on page 21 of the book .
the two politicians met face to face for the first time .
the weather service has issued a severe weather warning .
the whale is a very large mammal which lives in the sea .
the young girl wanted to be a star of the silver screen .
their plot to start a fire was discovered by the police .
there are a bunch of kids playing tag on the playground .
there are a lot of abandoned houses in the neighborhood .
there are many things that i don't understand very well .
there are too many people here . let's go somewhere else .
there have been a lot of complaints about your behavior .
there is a rumor that gold has been found in the valley .
there is an urgent need for them to update their system .
there must have been a tacit understanding between them .
there was lavender in bloom as far as the eye could see .
there were only three presents under the christmas tree .
these cardboard boxes are a hundred per cent recyclable .
these clothes are not appropriate for a cold winter day .
they are filibustering to prevent the bill from passing .
they celebrated his success by opening a bottle of wine .
they liked having more space for their children to play .
they lost no time in getting the sick man to a hospital .
they say that eating more slowly is one way to eat less .
they were out of breath after swimming across the river .
they were so frightened that they couldn't move an inch .
they'd find a way to do whatever they want to do anyway .
they're hoping the wheat harvest will be good this year .
this bridge has become a meeting place for young people .
this is by far the best seafood restaurant in this area .
this is my last chance to do this before i go to boston .
this is the best seafood restaurant in the neighborhood .
this is the largest dictionary there is in this library .
this is the very place that i have long wanted to visit .
this is where i brought my girlfriend on our first date .
this piece of music is way too difficult for me to play .
this restaurant lives up to all the rave reviews it got .
this ticket entitles the bearer to one chocolate sundae .
this would taste better if you added a little more salt .
this year , the winter is mild , isn't it ? it's very nice .
those present at the meeting were surprised at the news .
today at 8:10 a . m . , mary gave birth to healthy triplets .
today is the fifth day of continual stock price decline .
tom always makes it a rule never to ask a woman her age .
tom and mary bought their grandson a bike for christmas .
tom and mary got back together after a trial separation .
tom and mary send each other christmas cards every year .
tom asked mary if she was really happy with her new job .
tom asked mary what she had bought at the jewelry store .
tom attempted to persuade mary to go to church with him .
tom believes that the death penalty should be abolished .
tom can't speak french without making a lot of mistakes .
tom certainly gets a nice sound out of that old bassoon .
tom didn't expect to sell his old car for so much money .
tom didn't like city life , so he moved back to the farm .
tom died trying to save a child from a burning building .
tom doesn't know who mary is going to go to boston with .
tom doesn't know why mary doesn't want him at her party .
tom doesn't think that mary's performance was very good .
tom got to the station too late , so he missed the train .
tom has been teaching us french for the past four years .
tom has willingly done everything we've asked him to do .
tom is good at french , but he's a lot better at english .
tom is in his room , writing a letter to his grandmother .
tom is likely going to be very hungry when he gets home .
tom is looking for something to give mary for christmas .
tom is the one who said he was too busy to help , not me .
tom is trying to earn enough money to buy a new trumpet .
tom isn't much of a cook , but at least he gives it a go .
tom isn't the slightest bit interested in my suggestion .
tom likes boston better than any other place he's lived .
tom looked at the menu and decided to order a fish dish .
tom noticed mary wasn't wearing the ring he'd given her .
tom only had a few visitors when he was in the hospital .
tom picked up a book , opened it , and started reading it .
tom remembered that mary and john had tried to kill him .
tom sent a text message to a girl he liked in his class .
tom spends most of his spare time practicing the guitar .
tom still works at the same restaurant where mary works .
tom waited for mary in front of the library all morning .
tom waited outside in the pouring rain for over an hour .
tom was a very good friend until he stole my girlfriend .
tom was escorted out of the building by security guards .
tom was pacing in his room , unable to calm himself down .
tom was the one who taught me how to sing country music .
tom won't admit it , but he's secretly in love with mary .
tom works at one of the city's most popular restaurants .
tom's book about his life with mary sold like hot cakes .
tom's dog left muddy paw prints all over his new carpet .
we all chipped in to buy our teacher a birthday present .
we all know that eating a balanced diet is good for you .
we all live within a five minutes' walk from each other .
we are aware of the error and are working on a solution .
we arrived at the airport three hours before our flight .
we desperately need more money to help fund our project .
we don't have enough information yet to make a decision .
we had lived there for ten years when the war broke out .
we happened to meet our teacher on the street yesterday .
we have not been notified about their change of address .
we just missed the last bus , so we'll have to walk home .
we lost a lot of good players at the end of last season .
we must look at the problem from a global point of view .
we played an entertaining game of charades after dinner .
we received instructions on how to make a bamboo basket .
we saw guards coming toward us , so we hid in the bushes .
we were held up for two hours on account of an accident .
we'll have a better chance of surviving if we stay calm .
we're finding it difficult deciding on which one to buy .
what he said applies , to a certain extent , to this case .
what makes you think i want to spend christmas with tom ?
what makes you think i'm going to go to boston with tom ?
what's in the beach bag that's in the trunk of your car ?
what's the weirdest thing that has ever happened to you ?
when i got to his house , he had already been taken away .
when i have a lot on my mind , sometimes i forget to eat .
when he came to , he was tied to a chair in the basement .
when spring comes , they plow the fields and plant seeds .
when your resources are limited , you have to prioritize .
where they burn books , they will eventually burn people .
which one of your guitars do you enjoy playing the most ?
which writing system is the most difficult in the world ?
while she was staying in japan , she often visited kyoto .
why did you have to embarrass me in front of the others ?
why didn't you tell us that yesterday was your birthday ?
why don't you and i continue this discussion in private ?
would you mail this letter for me on your way to school ?
write down the medicine you need on this piece of paper .
you are old enough to know better than to act like that .
you are under no obligation to divulge that information .
you broke your arm when you were a teenager , didn't you ?
you can adjust the color on the tv by turning this knob .
you can go out and play as long as you stay in the yard .
you can go out on condition that you come home by seven .
you can take part in the meeting regardless of your age .
you can't change people . they have to change themselves .
you didn't like to do that when you were a kid , did you ?
you didn't need to hurry . you got here too early anyway .
you don't know what it's like to not have enough to eat .
you had better ask him in advance how much it will cost .
you have no idea how tired i am of all this complaining .
you may take photos outside this museum , but not inside .
you must hand in your homework by thursday without fail .
you promised me that you'd make something for us to eat .
you should ask your father for his advice and follow it .
you should assume that anything you do online is public .
you should have learned how to swim when you were young .
you should spend more time outside and less time inside .
you should've heeded my warning when you had the chance .
you shouldn't allow your son to act like a selfish brat .
you'd better not drink too much coffee so late at night .
you'd better take an umbrella with you in case it rains .
you're fired ! you have an hour to clean out your office .
your ideas about the government are different from mine .
could you do this instead of me ? sorry , i'm too busy .
do you hate tom ? no , i just think he's a bit strange .
do you mind if i use your phone ? no , please go ahead .
he's a tiger when he's angry is an example of metaphor .
how many times have you eaten here ? many , many times .
i assume you have a college degree . you assume wrong .
i think we shouldn't be doing this . no one asked you .
i'm the happiest man in the world , tom said to himself .
lottery tickets are a waste of money . not if you win .
when will you be back ? it all depends on the weather .
will you help me with my english homework ? certainly .
a burglar broke into my house while i was away on a trip .
a bust of aristotle stands on a pedestal in the entryway .
a flu shot contains antibodies that fight the h1n1 virus .
a girl came running , with her hair streaming in the wind .
a girl gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake .
a good salesman will not encroach on his customer's time .
a good sense of humor will help you deal with hard times .
a lot of wild animals died because there wasn't any food .
a man's worth lies in what he is rather than what he has .
a month has passed and the work has made little progress .
a passport is usually necessary when you travel overseas .
a person with a bmi of 25 to 29 is considered overweight .
a pot belly is an occupational hazard for office workers .
a solution acceptable to all parties was finally reached .
a strange man was walking back and forth on the pavement .
a voyage to the moon in a spaceship is no longer a dream .
about how much will i have to pay for all the treatments ?
about how much would it cost to have this chair repaired ?
according to statistics , world population is on the rise .
according to today's paper , there was a fire in the city .
after his wife died , he lived for quite a few more years .
after three hours in the casino , he's $2 , 000 in the hole .
all four of my son's great-grandmothers are still living .
all her carefully made plans began to unravel one by one .
all humans on earth are descended from a common ancestor .
all of us were excited with the result of the experiment .
all you have to do is push this button to take a picture .
and now you wish perhaps to learn on less familiar traps ?
as far as i know , this is the only translation available .
as far as i'm concerned , i have no objection to the plan .
as long as we've driven this far , we might as well go on .
at the start of every weekend , i am both tired and happy .
at the station , i had the hardest time finding my ticket .
banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers .
can you translate this manuscript from french to english ?
children should keep away from the river . it's dangerous .
children want to hear the same story over and over again .
could you change my room to one with a view of the ocean ?
could you lower your voice , please ? i'm really hung over .
could you please take care of my dog while i'm in boston ?
did you see the sunrise earlier ? it was really beautiful .
do not forget to turn the light off before you go to bed .
do you believe our destinies are controlled by the stars ?
do you have any idea where tom might have put his camera ?
do you know what to do if there's a fire in the building ?
do you know where the nearest american express office is ?
do you often become dizzy if you get up from bed quickly ?
do you think tom would consider dating my younger sister ?
do you think students are given enough time to eat lunch ?
don't forget to tip the porter for carrying your luggage .
don't hesitate to ask a question if you don't understand .
don't hesitate to take the opportunity to propose to her .
don't make me angry . you wouldn't like me when i'm angry .
don't pretend that you don't know what i'm talking about .
don't waste your youth , otherwise you'll regret it later .
don't you think you ought to write them a thank-you note ?
each taxpayer has the right to know where his money goes .
even japanese can make mistakes when they speak japanese .
every day i waited for her at the bookstore after school .
every school kid has played hooky at one time or another .
every year , hawaii moves ten centimeters closer to japan .
everyone is hoping nothing bad will ever happen in japan .
everyone who worked on that project became a millionaire .
everyone working for us earns more than the minimum wage .
everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true .
excuse me , but could you scoot over a little bit , please ?
excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the bus stop ?
experience is what we get when we don't get what we want .
finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake .
finally , i made up my mind and bought the new video game .
for a long time , i used to believe the same thing you do .
for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction .
from time to time , i want to relax and forget everything .
goat meat is tasty and can be prepared in different ways .
has anyone ever told you you've got serious trust issues ?
have you ever been intubated because of an asthma attack ?
have you had a persistent cough within the past few days ?
have you recently changed your soap or laundry detergent ?
he can't be smart if he can screw up something like that .
he cheated on the test by copying from the girl in front .
he clung to the hope that he would see her again someday .
he did a rough drawing to show me the way to the station .
he is always talking about old memories of his childhood .
he is in the habit of reading the newspaper while eating .
he is not more than two or three years younger than i am .
he is the only american to have swum the english channel .
he kept on gambling , trying in vain to recoup his losses .
he likes to just sit around and play video games all day .
he never takes into account the fact that i am very busy .
he reached out for the sugar that was on the other table .
he said he would give us his decision for sure by friday .
he says he's got to get to vienna the day after tomorrow .
he scrunched down in his seat so that i wouldn't see him .
he sings so well that it's impossible to hold back tears .
he spoke in a broken english that was hard to understand .
he took care of the children while his wife was shopping .
he used all his strength to crawl out of the wrecked car .
he used to eat out every day , but now he can't afford it .
he was exiled to an island for the crime of high treason .
he was late to the appointment due to a traffic accident .
he won't be easily discouraged , because he's a tough guy .
he wouldn't let anyone interfere in his personal affairs .
he's a widower with three small children to take care of .
her book is famous not only in england but also in japan .
her diaries formed the basis of the book she later wrote .
her job was to see the children safely across the street .
her unhappiness turned to bliss when she heard his voice .
his height is a great advantage when he plays volleyball .
honesty is one of the most beautiful things in the world .
how did you know tom's passport was in the bottom drawer ?
how do your female clients differ from your male clients ?
how long did it take you to decorate your christmas tree ?
how long does it take to go to the office from your home ?
how long does it take to walk from here to the city hall ?
how many years has it been since you've had a girlfriend ?
how tall do you think my daughter will be in three years ?
i agree with you that we need more women in this company .
i assume this isn't the best time to ask for a promotion .
i can't believe you're going to give away all your money .
i can't wait for tom to come home so i can show him this .
i canceled my hotel reservations and stayed with friends .
i crossed the street even though the light was still red .
i didn't do well on the test so my parents chewed me out .
i didn't know tom hadn't done what he was supposed to do .
i didn't know where tom wanted me to plant the marigolds .
i didn't know whether i'd be permitted to do that or not .
i didn't understand much of what they were talking about .
i don't blame you for the accident . it wasn't your fault .
i don't feel like working today , so let's go play soccer .
i don't have time to do everything that needs to be done .
i don't have time to say this twice , so listen carefully .
i don't know about the others , but as for me , i'm for it .
i don't know how many more times i'll be able to do this .
i don't like it when people ask me to do things for them .
i don't like lying , but sometimes i think it's necessary .
i don't like to go out without a coat on such a cold day .
i don't like to inhale someone's smoke while i'm working .
i don't mean to pry , but are you having problems at home ?
i don't think tom wants to spend any more time in boston .
i don't want anyone to find where we buried the treasure .
i dozed off in the train and slept right past my station .
i felt relieved when all the troubles were taken care of .
i found what you were looking for in the trunk of my car .
i got up at 4:00 , ate some food , then went back to sleep .
i got up early the next morning to catch the first train .
i had trouble finding my way back to my hotel last night .
i have a classmate who says he can speak french fluently .
i have no desire to understand what goes on in your head .
i have nothing in particular to say about this situation .
i have so much work to do that i have to put off my trip .
i haven't been back here since that unfortunate incident .
i hope you won't tell anyone you saw me leave this house .
i hope you've got some proof to back up your allegations .
i just saw you talking to tom less than five minutes ago .
i knew we were going to get married the moment i met you .
i know you're just trying to help , and i appreciate that .
i like eggs for breakfast , but my sister prefers oatmeal .
i need to find somebody who can babysit on friday nights .
i need you to go to the post office and mail this letter .
i opened the door and saw two boys standing side by side .
i plan to give my son a computer at the end of the month .
i put the key in exactly the same place where i found it .
i really do hope that you'll do that without complaining .
i really don't think that tom did that , but maybe he did .
i shouldn't have used the word password as my password .
i stayed in bed one more day just to be on the safe side .
i still believe the internet is not a place for children .
i think i can reach the branch if you'll give me a boost .
i think tom bought the house he was looking at last week .
i think tom is likely to go to boston in the near future .
i think it must've happened just the way tom said it did .
i think it's dangerous for children to swim in this lake .
i think it's time for me to discuss the problem with her .
i think it's time for me to give up on this relationship .
i think it's unhealthy to eat more than 20 oranges a day .
i think that it's dangerous to go walking alone at night .
i think we should use our time a bit more constructively .
i think we'll all feel better once we get a little sleep .
i think we've got enough money to buy everything we need .
i thought i told you not to buy anything from that store .
i thought about throwing it away , but decided to keep it .
i thought you of all people would understand my decision .
i took it for granted that she would come to our wedding .
i understand your point of view , but don't agree with it .
i used to ride my bike to school , but now i take the bus .
i wake up at six , but i don't get out of bed until seven .
i want to apologize to all of you for what just happened .
i want to move out of this cramped room as soon as i can .
i want you to stay in australia at least until christmas .
i was afraid i wouldn't have the pleasure of meeting you .
i was very tired , but i was nevertheless unable to sleep .
i wish there were a more modern translation of this book .
i won't go with you unless you tell me where we're going .
i would never forgive myself if anything happened to you .
i wouldn't want to get thrown into a situation like that .
i wouldn't want you to get the wrong impression about me .
i'd like to be left alone for a while , if you don't mind .
i'd like to know exactly how much money is in my account .
i'd like to make it clear that i will not change my mind .
i'd like you to go to the supermarket and buy some bread .
i'll lend you the book , provided you return it next week .
i'll never forget shaking the president's hand last year .
i'll see to it that you get a raise after the first year .
i'll send you a copy of that picture as soon as possible .
i'll take over your duties while you are away from japan .
i'll tell you only if you promise to keep it to yourself .
i'm afraid we must go if we want to get home before dark .
i'm extremely disappointed by the quality of the service .
i'm having trouble with my roommate . he eats all my food .
i'm looking forward to visiting your country this winter .
i'm meeting tom for lunch at a restaurant on park street .
i'm not a university student , but i'm brighter than them .
i'm not feeling well . could you please send for a doctor ?
i'm not interested in learning how to fix a broken table .
i'm not sure yet if i'll go to a university or get a job .
i'm so tired that i'm going to bed as soon as i get home .
i'm very interested in listening to what you have to say .
i've already written everything that needs to be written .
i've spent way too much time thinking about this problem .
if i had a dime for every time i heard that , i'd be rich .
if for some reason that should happen , what would you do ?
if he had left at ten , he would have arrived here by now .
if it weren't for music , the world would be a dull place .
if more people had voted , we would have won the election .
if only i were rich , i would buy a villa on the seashore .
if there's anything i can do to help , please let me know .
if there's something bothering you , we can talk about it .
if what you say is true , it follows that he has an alibi .
if you do not have this program , you can download it now .
if you don't want to go to that party , you don't have to .
if you flunk this exam , you'll have to repeat the course .
if you get your right ear pierced , that means you're gay .
if you had helped me , i could have accomplished the work .
if you tell too many lies , people won't ever believe you .
if your answer is correct , it follows that mine is wrong .
imagine if you started hiccoughing and you couldn't stop .
in 1994 , there was a shortage of water and rice in japan .
in any decision one makes there is a weighing of options .
in case of fire , break the glass and push the red button .
in order to serve you better , your call may be monitored .
in order to swim , you have to learn to tread water first .
it cost me three hundred dollars to have my car repaired .
it has happened before and it will probably happen again .
it is easy to knuckle down if you have enough motivation .
it is often said that nothing is more precious than time .
it looks like someone has ripped a page out of this book .
it must have been difficult for her to knit this sweater .
it seemed strange that the door was open when i got home .
it takes fifteen minutes to walk from here to the campus .
it took courage to sail across the pacific single-handed .
it took me almost three hours to finish my math homework .
it was foolish of him to waste his money on such trifles .
it was one of the most incredible experiences of my life .
it was the coldest inaugural day in the nation's history .
it would be better if you didn't eat before going to bed .
it'll take some time to shovel all the snow off the roof .
it's a hassle trying to decide what to wear to the party .
it's annoying to hear people talking loudly in a library .
it's been a long time since i've done anything like that .
it's been a long time since i've written anyone a letter .
it's been a while since i've eaten anything with mustard .
it's gravity that makes satellites move around the earth .
it's not at all rare to live to be over ninety years old .
it's not the sort of illness that puts your life at risk .
it's too far to walk to the station , so let's take a bus .
jobs are hard to come by with so many people out of work .
judging from the expression on her face , she was worried .
just looking at a picture of food makes me feel nauseous .
justice will be served , whether here or in the hereafter .
large catches of squid are a sign of a coming earthquake .
let's get together the next time you come back to boston .
many people feel that gold is the most secure investment .
mary is a warm , caring person , but tom is cold and aloof .
may i ask why it is that you don't want to talk about it ?
mom wants to go there , but dad wants to watch tv at home .
more than 40 percent of the students go on to university .
my dress was ruined when it came back from the cleaner's .
my father bought me a digital watch for birthday present .
my mother is always poking her nose into my private life .
my mother used to read me stories when i was a young kid .
my parents are opposed to my sister marrying a foreigner .
my parents taught me to skate when i was three years old .
my savings are so small that they won't last much longer .
my school is getting ready for the campus music festival .
my sister , wearing her favorite red coat , went out today .
my son loves to throw temper tantrums in the supermarket .
my thirteen-year-old is going on her first date tomorrow .
never choose a vocation just because it looks profitable .
never choose a vocation just because the hours are short .
no one has the right to tell you how to raise your child .
no other mountain in the world is so high as mt . everest .
no sooner had he met his family than he burst into tears .
not only does he speak french , he can also speak english .
nothing is more disappointing than to lose in the finals .
now that he is old , it is your duty to go look after him .
now that you've decided to quit your job , you look happy .
ostriches are not known for having a good sense of humor .
paper production remained a state secret for a long time .
parents are responsible for the safety of their children .
people from all around the world attended to his funeral .
please drop in when you happen to be in the neighborhood .
please excuse me for calling you so early in the morning .
please remove all of your clothes , except your underwear .
polish girls didn't want justin bieber to come to poland .
quite a few people were present at the meeting yesterday .
she advised him to tell his girlfriend that he loved her .
she became scared when she noticed the man following her .
she calls him every night and talks for at least an hour .
she doesn't want him to buy an expensive engagement ring .
she doesn't want to talk to me now , and i don't know why .
she grabbed him by the hand and pulled him onto the boat .
she has been looking after her sick sister for ten years .
she heaved a sigh of relief when she heard the good news .
she helped him tie his tie because he didn't know how to .
she introduced her sister to him more than two years ago .
she put on dark glasses to protect her eyes from the sun .
she spent all of her christmases at home with her family .
she took advantage of the fine weather to paint the wall .
she tried to lift the box , but found it impossible to do .
she was looking forward to playing table tennis with him .
since my nephew was still young , he was let off the hook .
something very unusual seems to be happening in the park .
space travel will be commonplace some time in the future .
tell me the reason you were absent from school yesterday .
thanks very much for having me to dinner the other night .
that doctrine will no doubt lead to serious consequences .
that time table gives the hours of arrival and departure .
that was the most interesting film that we had ever seen .
the british defeated the french in north america in 1763 .
the french teacher was stumped by her student's question .
the prime minister will hold a press conference tomorrow .
the bath was not hot enough and i was unable to enjoy it .
the boy passed the time by flinging stones into the lake .
the capture of the prince by the king led to another war .
the chances are slim to none that you'll win the lottery .
the court condemned the man to death by lethal injection .
the date of the festival coincides with that of the exam .
the day will surely come when your dreams will come true .
the defendant was found not guilty by reason of insanity .
the doctor told me that i should eat breakfast every day .
the fat man jumped over the ditch and fell to the ground .
the government made no move to solve the housing problem .
the hinges are really squeaky . could you oil them please ?
the last bus had already gone when i got to the bus stop .
the last time i went to the beach , i got badly sunburned .
the lawyer seems to think it'll be an open and shut case .
the lawyer's job is to prove that her client is innocent .
the military quashed the revolt within a matter of hours .
the more you do now , the less you'll have to do tomorrow .
the more you study , the more you discover your ignorance .
the most beloved people in the world are the spontaneous .
the new road will benefit the people living in the hills .
the old man contributed a large sum of money to the poor .
the old man wanders from town to town peddling his wares .
the only language that i can speak really well is french .
the parking lot in front of the bank was completely full .
the plate slipped from her hand and crashed to the floor .
the play was so popular that the theater was almost full .
the police found a body washed up on the beach near here .
the population of new york is smaller than that of tokyo .
the previous tenant took excellent care of her apartment .
the price of almost everything is going through the roof .
the program could not be compiled , due to a syntax error .
the soil will have to be plowed before we start planting .
the standards for admission to this school are very high .
the students must not enter the teachers' room this week .
the students were all looking forward to summer vacation .
the teacher asked me how the moon differs from the earth .
the teacher suggested that we go to the library to study .
the traffic accident deprived the young man of his sight .
the train was so crowded that i had to stand all the way .
the tree in front of the library was struck by lightning .
the trouble is that my son does not want to go to school .
the two runners reached the finish line at the same time .
the waitress gave me coffee , even though i'd ordered tea .
there are beautiful flowers here and there in the garden .
there are many housewives who complain about high prices .
there are three hundred applicants for only one position .
there is no need to take his advice if you don't want to .
there is no need to worry about shortages for the moment .
there's only one way to find out how to do that . ask tom .
these flowers aren't only beautiful , but they smell nice .
they came to the conclusion that the ship must have sunk .
they slept in the car because they couldn't find a hotel .
this company is indifferent to the safety of its workers .
this form looks kind of complicated . help me fill it out .
this is a common mistake that tends to trip up beginners .
this is the last time i'll ask you to do anything for me .
this problem is not so difficult that you can't solve it .
this program is brought to you by the following sponsors .
this was a bad week . my train was late two days in a row .
thousands of people went to the beach to see the dolphin .
to be happy , you should spend time with someone you love .
to be honest , i thought the movie was very uninteresting .
to be honest , it's hard to understand why you want to go .
to my surprise , the anthropologist was accused of murder .
today it's very sunny , so everyone is wearing sunglasses .
tom and mary are both thirty , but they look much younger .
tom and mary told me they had a good time at the concert .
tom and mary were always fighting when they were younger .
tom asked mary to go to the supermarket to get some milk .
tom came to france with the intention of studying french .
tom didn't even have enough money to buy a cup of coffee .
tom didn't know the difference between glass and crystal .
tom didn't know why mary needed to borrow thirty dollars .
tom didn't seem surprised when i told him where i'd gone .
tom didn't seem surprised when i told him why i did that .
tom doesn't believe mary could do that without some help .
tom doesn't have enough money to buy everything he needs .
tom doesn't know how much time it'll take him to do that .
tom doesn't know the difference between a wolf and a fox .
tom doesn't know who mary is planning on doing that with .
tom finished writing the report in less than three hours .
tom fired mary because she often showed up late for work .
tom had no choice but to do what the boss told him to do .
tom hoped mary wouldn't find out about what had happened .
tom hopes he doesn't become a workaholic like his father .
tom is a smart child . he's the best student in his class .
tom is convinced that his mother doesn't want to eat now .
tom is going to mary's birthday party tomorrow , isn't he ?
tom is not available at the moment . may i take a message ?
tom isn't a lazy boy . as a matter of fact , he works hard .
tom made a list of things he wanted to do before he died .
tom not only twisted his ankle , he also broke three toes .
tom paints easter eggs with his grandchildren every year .
tom said that he thought the judge's decision was unfair .
tom says that mary definitely doesn't want to be married .
tom spent all of his christmases at home with his family .
tom spent the remainder of the night thinking about mary .
tom strung up a hammock between two trees and took a nap .
tom thinks you're cute , but he's too shy to say anything .
tom tiptoed into the bedroom to avoid waking up his wife .
tom told me that he doesn't have any brothers or sisters .
tom took off his wedding ring and threw it into the pond .
tom was asked to be best man at mary's brother's wedding .
tom was determined to finish the job before he went home .
tom was going to lie , but he ended up spilling the beans .
tom was planning to go to boston the day after christmas .
tom was surprised how well mary could play the saxophone .
tom was very aware that every eye in the room was on him .
tom will probably still be in australia on christmas day .
tom woke mary up at 6:30 and she wasn't happy about that .
tom works at one of the most popular restaurants in town .
tom would probably do exactly the same thing we would do .
tom's doctor advised him to cut down on his sugar intake .
tom's mother doesn't think anyone is good enough for tom .
tom , mary and john were each given three hundred dollars .
tom , who had been working all day , wanted to have a rest .
tsunamis swept through rice fields and flooded the towns .
unwittingly , he told her exactly what she wanted to know .
we could meet downtown . would that be convenient for you ?
we could see the reflection of the mountains in the lake .
we don't really have to talk about this right now , do we ?
we have something very important that we have to discuss .
we have to attend that meeting whether we like it or not .
we hope that you will be able to join us at this seminar .
we hope to finish planting the field before the sun sets .
we listened carefully in order not to miss a single word .
we often hear it said that the japanese are good workers .
we should be able to do a lot better than this next time .
we should start getting christmas gifts for the children .
we went over the house before deciding whether to buy it .
we were just starting to do that when it started raining .
we were so tired that we turned in about 9:00 last night .
we were taught that newton discovered the law of gravity .
we wish him all the best of luck in his future endeavors .
we're a bit busy at the moment . can you hang on a minute ?
we're spending christmas eve at my wife's parents' house .
we're thinking of adding on another bedroom to the house .
what a shame to just endure life rather than enjoying it .
what difference does it make if people are looking at us ?
what do you and your family usually eat on christmas day ?
what has become of the book i put here a few minutes ago ?
what have you done with my pen ? it was here a minute ago .
what language do you use when you talk with your parents ?
what with the heat and the humidity , i didn't sleep well .
what's the difference between a hedgehog and a porcupine ?
what's the difference between a magazine and a newspaper ?
what's the difference between an epidemic and a pandemic ?
what's the spookiest thing that has ever happened to you ?
when i heard the news , i was overcome by a great sadness .
when i was in new york , i happened to meet my old friend .
when did you first notice that you were losing your hair ?
when she returned to her room , the diamond ring was gone .
when they got to the station , the train had already left .
when you get to be my age , you'll understand what i mean .
whether you like it or not , you have to do your homework .
which air conditioner do you think is the most efficient ?
which language do you use when you speak to your parents ?
while traveling in europe , i was pickpocketed on a train .
while we're waiting , why don't you tell me what happened ?
whoever leaves the office last should turn off the light .
will it be necessary for us to buy a book for this class ?
would it be ethical to sacrifice one person to save many ?
you and i are good friends , but we have little in common .
you aren't going to the party dressed like that , are you ?
you can save your breath . there is no use talking to him .
you catch more flies with honey than you do with vinegar .
you don't have to make a different dish for every person .
you don't have to say anything if you don't feel like it .
you don't know what you're getting for christmas , do you ?
you don't need to worry about that kind of thing anymore .
you have changed so much that i can hardly recognize you .
you have no right to interfere in other people's affairs .
you just made me miss the perfect shot when you hollered .
you knew how to count to ten when you were two years old .
you may stay here if you like , as long as you keep quiet .
you must be more careful to avoid making a gross mistake .
you never get a second chance to make a first impression .
you seem to be depressed this morning . what's the matter ?
you'll be in charge of the women working in this factory .
you'll get a clear picture with this antenna on the roof .
you're a good student , but you still have a lot to learn .
you're going to have to do better to convince me of that .
you've both been very impressive today . i'm proud of you .
you've done nothing but complain ever since you got here .
could i ask you a few questions ? questions about what ?
how are you feeling this morning ? pretty good , thanks .
what did you think of the movie ? it was okay , i guess .
when did you buy it ? let's see . i bought it last week .
who is the guy in the picture ? i don't know who he is .
a big bomb fell , and a great many people lost their lives .
a bird can glide through the air without moving its wings .
a bottle of shampoo costs as much as a tube of toothpaste .
a dreary landscape spread out for miles in all directions .
a little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast .
a monument has been erected to the memory of the deceased .
a party is a good place to make friends with other people .
a passenger fainted , but the stewardess brought him round .
a passing car hit a puddle and splashed water all over me .
a pub is a place where people come together to drink beer .
after running up the hill , i was completely out of breath .
all communication with that airplane was suddenly cut off .
all the members were not present at the meeting yesterday .
all you have to do is to write your name and address here .
am i the only one who didn't understand what was going on ?
american generals believed they could win an easy victory .
among the items found in the purse was the photo of a man .
an arrest warrant was issued for the company's accountant .
an hour has sixty minutes , and a minute has sixty seconds .
apart from a few mistakes , your composition was excellent .
are you still asking yourself what the meaning of life is ?
are you sure you don't want me to help you do the laundry ?
as soon as i can get the chance , i'll send you some money .
as soon as the results are made public , i'll let you know .
blondes earn 7% more than women with any other hair color .
caesar leaves gaul , crosses the rubicon , and enters italy .
can you tell the difference between a seal and a sea lion ?
children need love , especially when they don't deserve it .
children walk around from door to door on halloween night .
clerks with sticky fingers won't keep their jobs for long .
compared with the old model , this is far easier to handle .
democracy is an idea that goes back to the ancient greeks .
did you have a lot of happy experiences in your childhood ?
do not be shy . your pronunciation is more or less correct .
do you really need to ask the question to know the answer ?
do you remember the first time we went to boston together ?
do you think that eating breakfast every day is important ?
do you think the rainy season will set in early this year ?
does anyone in your close family have high blood pressure ?
does he still have that book he borrowed from the library ?
don't forget the fact that smoking is bad for your health .
don't forget to attach your photo to the application form .
don't worry about what needs to be done and get some rest .
ebola spreads from person to person through bodily fluids .
every day , my brother borrows a new book from the library .
every even number greater than 2 is the sum of two primes .
everything hits the mark with him and he lets you know it .
farmers defaulting on loans had to auction off their land .
first of all , i'm very worried about my daughter's health .
for better or for worse , television has changed the world .
for the time being , i must share this room with my friend .
fortunately , the shark bite didn't hit any major arteries .
france is running a welfare state it can no longer afford .
from the hill , we could see all the buildings in the city .
getting rejected from harvard is not the end of the world .
gulliver's travels was written by a famous english writer .
have you ever been hospitalized in a psychiatric hospital ?
have you told everyone when and where the meeting will be ?
having done my homework , i could finally watch television .
he can play tennis better than any other boy in his class .
he claimed that the enormous property was at his disposal .
he cloaked his evil intentions with his friendly behavior .
he concealed the file in what he thought was a safe place .
he could always tell which direction the wind was blowing .
he didn't have enough experience to cope with the problem .
he disappeared into a dark corner at the back of the shop .
he failed in the attempt to sail across the pacific ocean .
he fell into a deep depression and decided to off himself .
he gives us a lot of trouble , but i like him all the same .
he had his license taken away because of reckless driving .
he has two daughters , both of whom are married to doctors .
he is french by birth , but he is now a citizen of the usa .
he is a man of few words , but he always keeps his promise .
he is a man of his word , so if he said he'd help , he will .
he knows other and easier ways of getting what he desires .
he makes it a point to remember each one of our birthdays .
he may still be young , but he really is a reliable person .
he never forgot his ambition to become a great politician .
he owes his success both to working hard and to good luck .
he picked up a butterfly between his thumb and forefinger .
he picked up a hat and put it on to see how it would look .
he remembered that room 418 , a very small room , was empty .
he says he must get rid of the mice that are in the attic .
he speaks english as fluently as any student in his class .
he stayed home from school because he wasn't feeling well .
he was driving at over 120 kph when the accident happened .
he was so confused that his answer did not make any sense .
he's racking his brains about how to deal with the matter .
his mother has been running a drugstore for fifteen years .
his unique perspective helped shed light on the situation .
how can i lower my high blood pressure without medication ?
how long do you think it would take you to paint my house ?
how long does it take to go from here to the hilton hotel ?
how long has it been since you received a letter from him ?
how many audiobooks do you have on your mobile mp3 player ?
how many times a week do you go shopping at a supermarket ?
however hard i try , i can't do it any better than she can .
however hard you try , you can't finish it in a week or so .
hundreds of people were waiting outside the ticket office .
i bought a scarf for my grandfather for his 88th birthday .
i brought a jacket because it was quite cool this morning .
i buy at least one new christmas tree ornament every year .
i can spot you from a distance with your long , white hair .
i can't afford to go to the onsen this weekend . i'm broke .
i couldn't understand the announcement that was just made .
i didn't know the cost of living was so high in australia .
i do not think he will ever get over the loss of his wife .
i don't buy dairy products because i'm lactose intolerant .
i don't care where we eat dinner . it's entirely up to you .
i don't remember the last time i enjoyed myself this much .
i don't think any of you realize the significance of this .
i don't think it's safe to go out in this kind of weather .
i don't think this is an appropriate time to discuss this .
i dropped by the bookstore and bought an interesting book .
i especially want to thank our record-breaking sales team .
i feel like i should say something , but i don't know what .
i fell down really hard and got a black bruise on my knee .
i figured it wouldn't hurt to wait for a few more minutes .
i finally overcame my shyness and asked him out on a date .
i gathered together my things and put them in my suitcase .
i give my mother fifty thousand yen on payday every month .
i give you enough money every month to pay all your bills .
i got paint on my clothes when i was painting the ceiling .
i had a valid visa , so i was allowed to enter the country .
i had difficulty convincing her of the dangers of smoking .
i had hoped that my mother would live until i got married .
i had no idea there were so many people in the other room .
i had no sooner left the house than it began to rain hard .
i had to abstain from smoking while i was in the hospital .
i had to get all the facts before i could make a decision .
i hate to bother you , but would you mind closing the door ?
i have a son who goes to the same school as your daughter .
i have made up my mind to achieve my goals in three years .
i have never let my schooling interfere with my education .
i have no choice but to take the red-eye back to new york .
i have so many clothes i don't know what to wear tomorrow .
i have to tell her that the phone rang while she was gone .
i haven't eaten anything all day , but i don't feel hungry .
i just want to let you know i'll be late tomorrow morning .
i knew things about tom that even his parents didn't know .
i know that it is highly unlikely that anyone can help me .
i know you're not coming to my party , but i wish you were .
i laid down for a short nap and fell asleep for two hours .
i laughed when tom told me he was planning to get married .
i look forward to seeing you on my next trip to your city .
i looked up all the words i didn't know in the dictionary .
i love you and i don't want anything bad to happen to you .
i need to do some shopping since christmas is coming soon .
i need to find a better job on the double to pay my bills .
i needed to justify why i was earning such a large salary .
i never thought it'd be this hard to build a picnic table .
i often buy bread from the bakery next to the post office .
i often read the bible at night just before i go to sleep .
i remember being on a ship when i was only five years old .
i searched for the meaning of this word in the dictionary .
i should study tonight , but i'm tired so i'm going to bed .
i suggest we eat just a little now , and then go out later .
i think beethoven is the greatest composer who ever lived .
i think i would have heard gunshots if there had been any .
i think he's making a big mistake by turning down the job .
i think it'd be better if tom didn't tell mary about this .
i think that girl cut her hair to give herself a new look .
i think the number of common-law marriages is on the rise .
i think we need to find out who tom plans to give that to .
i think we need to find out why tom wasn't here yesterday .
i thought it best for him to say nothing about the matter .
i trained my dog to bring me the newspaper in the morning .
i tried thinking about why it was that i didn't trust him .
i tried to give her some money , but she wouldn't take any .
i used to think it didn't really matter what i fed my dog .
i want everything you just said written into the contract .
i want the two of you to try to get along with each other .
i want the whole world to know we're going to get married .
i want to spend more time doing things that make me happy .
i wanted to make sure it wasn't us who caused the problem .
i was able to finish the work earlier than i had expected .
i was doing an impersonation of my boss when he showed up .
i went to bed early last night because i was really tired .
i wish i could explain to you how important this is to me .
i wish tom wouldn't keep telling everyone i'm his brother .
i wish you would make a list of the newly published books .
i would rather stay at home than go to the movies tonight .
i wouldn't want to get caught up in a situation like that .
i'd be much obliged if you could give me a lift into town .
i'd better do something before the problem gets any worse .
i'd gladly pay more for something if it's of high quality .
i'd like this meeting to last no more than twenty minutes .
i'd like to apologize for the way i handled the situation .
i'd like to spend less time at work and more time at home .
i'd love to come with you all , but i don't have any money .
i'll do whatever i can to encourage tom to stay in school .
i'll overlook it this time , but don't let it happen again .
i'm about the same weight as i was at this time last year .
i'm afraid this kind of meeting isn't getting us anywhere .
i'm all thumbs when it comes to origami , or paper folding .
i'm getting kind of hungry . let's go get something to eat .
i'm glad tom was able to see you while you were in boston .
i'm really impressed with the way tom plays the saxophone .
i'm really sorry , but i seem to have misplaced your scarf .
i'm sorry i wasn't able to see you when you came by today .
i'm sure we can figure out a way to get this done on time .
i've already made amends to most of the people on my list .
i've never been to new york , and my sister hasn't , either .
i've never visited kagoshima , but i intend to this summer .
i've never witnessed so much debauchery in my entire life .
if i were rich , i would do so . as it is , i can do nothing .
if i'd only taken the time to read the instruction manual !
if a porter carries your luggage , don't forget to tip him .
if he donates a kidney , he can survive with the other one .
if he'd taken his doctor's advice , he might not have died .
if you are reading this letter , it means that i have died .
if you could loan me some money , i'd really appreciate it .
if you get bit by a rabid dog , you'll need a tetanus shot .
if you run into trouble , i'll help , and so will my father .
if you're going to apologize , you should do it right away .
in accepting the money , he lost the respect of the people .
in all likelihood , the president will serve a second term .
in order to lose weight , it is best to take up some sport .
in the speech , he referred to the strength of the company .
india is one of the most populated countries in the world .
instead of taking notes , i spent the whole class doodling .
is that the man whose wife was killed in the car accident ?
is there any place around here where i can rent a bicycle ?
it almost scared me not to see you online for a whole day .
it goes without saying that honesty is the key to success .
it goes without saying that smoking is bad for the health .
it is an act of cruelty to lock a small child in his room .
it is difficult to translate a poem into another language .
it is not manly to speak ill of others behind their backs .
it looks like somebody was trying to pry open this window .
it seems that there is something wrong with the telephone .
it was because he was sick that he decided to return home .
it was difficult for him to hide his pride in his success .
it was in the 1920s that a big earthquake destroyed tokyo .
it was the increase in population that caused the poverty .
it's close to ten o'clock . it's about time we went to bed .
it's easier to ask for forgiveness than to get permission .
it's no good making the same old products year after year .
it's not easy to come by watermelons at this time of year .
it's not such a big problem . you're worrying way too much .
it's taking us way too much time to get this job finished .
it's very hard to get rid of the cockroaches in our house .
it's very kind of you to invite me to your birthday party .
italo calvino returned to italy when he was still a child .
japan declared war on the united states in december , 1941 .
japan is one of the greatest economic powers in the world .
just because you can do something doesn't mean you should .
last night an explosion took place at a fireworks factory .
last week's meeting was the longest we have had this year .
lay your cards on the table and give me a straight answer !
leatherback turtles can weigh more than a thousand pounds .
let me congratulate you on your victory in the tournament .
let's not forget those who gave their lives to protect us .
long , long ago , there lived an old king on a small island .
make sure that the lights are turned off before you leave .
many criminals in the united states are addicted to drugs .
many improvements have been made since this century began .
mary doesn't dance much now , but i know she used to a lot .
mary has nobody to talk with , but she doesn't feel lonely .
mary urged her parents to let her go out with her friends .
maybe we can find someplace to park further up the street .
my german vocabulary list is up to two thousand words now .
my brother-in-law would like me to be his son's godfather .
my car is stuck in the mud . could you help me push it out ?
my driving instructor says that i need to be more patient .
my father brags about never having had a traffic accident .
my grandfather died in the same room in which he was born .
my grandfather sometimes talks to himself when he's alone .
my little brother ran through the living room stark naked .
my neighbor's son made fun of my daughter today at school .
my shoelaces came untied as i was walking down the street .
my uncle kept on drinking in spite of his doctor's advice .
near the equator , the weather is hot and humid year-round .
never choose a new vocation just because you are restless .
ninety-five percent of orphans are older than 5 years old .
no matter how fast you drive , you won't get there on time .
no one knows when such a custom first came into existence .
nobody will say it so bluntly , but that is the gist of it .
not too long ago , i wasn't able to play the guitar at all .
nothing has been heard from him since he left for america .
nothing in the world is stronger than the will to survive .
novels aren't being read as much as they were in the past .
now that i have a job , i can be independent of my parents .
now that you are eighteen , you can get a driver's license .
of all the languages i've studied , french was the hardest .
once upon a time , there lived a poor man and a rich woman .
one day , they're going to take away your driver's license .
only 16 percent of the teachers of this school are female .
our teacher tried to use a new method of teaching english .
parents who beat their children really make my blood boil .
patting me on the shoulder , he thanked me for helping him .
people are sometimes tempted to eat more than they should .
people of my generation all think the same way about this .
people say that japan is the richest country in the world .
people usually become famous at the cost of their privacy .
please accept our condolences on the death of your father .
please put out your cigarettes before entering the museum .
please remember to turn off the light before going to bed .
please see to it that the child does not go near the pond .
put this stamp on the postcard and drop it in the mailbox .
rote memorization is useful in some subjects , but not all .
salted monkey nuts are popular in many parts of the world .
sea turtles always return to the beach where they hatched .
see to it that all the doors are locked before you go out .
several students were absent from school because of colds .
she cooks for him every day , but he doesn't appreciate it .
she has two cats . one is white and the other one is black .
she managed to scare off her attacker by screaming loudly .
she showed up at the party looking like a million dollars .
she took over the business after the death of her husband .
she was the last person i expected to see in such a place .
she's made up her mind and refuses to be talked out of it .
six percent home loans represent the industry average now .
slavery in the united states was not abolished until 1865 .
smoking in a car with a child under 16 is against the law .
some of his students admired him , and others despised him .
some people like red wine and some people like white wine .
some students seem to have forgotten to do their homework .
someone has ripped out the first three pages of this book .
someone has robbed us of all our money during our absence .
step out of the car and place your hands behind your back .
stick together as a family , because it's easy to get lost .
that bridge isn't strong enough to support so much weight .
that coat may have cost a lot of money , but it's worth it .
that species of bird is said to be in danger of dying out .
the eiffel tower is in the same city as the louvre museum .
the audience reacted in different ways to her performance .
the captain was the last person to leave the sinking ship .
the chairman suggested that we should discuss the problem .
the company's insolvency forced it to file for bankruptcy .
the contract is in the bag , so let's go out and celebrate .
the counterfeit bills flooded the market over the weekend .
the couple spent a lot of money on furnishing their house .
the doctor told me to inhale and exhale slowly and deeply .
the doctor wouldn't allow me to take part in the marathon .
the faster we rub our hands together , the warmer they get .
the frame of the house should be finished in a day or two .
the geyser sends up a column of hot water every two hours .
the guards found a hacksaw blade in the prisoner's pocket .
the horse is very docile and is ideal for beginner riders .
the increase in juvenile delinquency is a serious problem .
the intersection where the accident happened is near here .
the island is covered with ice and snow during the winter .
the judge handed down a sentence of five years hard labor .
the man injured in the accident was taken to the hospital .
the math homework proved to be easier than i had expected .
the moral of the story is that you can't trust the system .
the more we learn , the more we realize how little we know .
the new highway shaves almost an hour off my commute time .
the oldest movie theater in town is being pulled down now .
the parking lot in the back of the school is almost empty .
the pebble i threw skipped along the surface of the water .
the police got an important piece of information from him .
the police persuaded the criminal to surrender his weapon .
the results for the english exam this time were very good .
the school rules require students to wear school uniforms .
the sunglasses made him look like an undercover policeman .
the thief outwitted the police and got away with his loot .
the traffic accident prevented me from catching the train .
the villagers were displaced by the construction of a dam .
the wind was so strong , we were nearly blown off the road .
there are many countries in europe that i'd like to visit .
there are still a few more things that i need to tell you .
there is no way of reaching the island other than by boat .
there's a man with a gun in his hand standing at the door .
they announced the date of their wedding in the newspaper .
they cut a hole in the ice and swam in the freezing water .
they renewed their vows on their 25th wedding anniversary .
they say that a family that eats together , stays together .
they're giving a big ball at the american embassy tonight .
this guitar is so expensive that i can't afford to buy it .
this is a sentence that has the syllable count of a haiku .
this software package has a suggested retail price of $99 .
this vending machine was destroyed by hoodlums last night .
to the best of my knowledge , the lake is the deepest here .
today's housewives do nothing but complain of high prices .
tom and mary realized that they weren't really compatible .
tom asked mary not to discuss the matter with anyone else .
tom asked mary to teach him some useful phrases in french .
tom asked a few questions that mary didn't want to answer .
tom called to say that he couldn't attend today's meeting .
tom caught mary stealing his money from the cash register .
tom could hardly speak french at all when i first met him .
tom couldn't do even one push-up when he started training .
tom couldn't find the words to express how he was feeling .
tom couldn't think what he should give mary for christmas .
tom doesn't come here every day , but he comes quite often .
tom doesn't know if mary will go with him tomorrow or not .
tom doesn't really like mary , even though he says he does .
tom is the only person in the office who can speak french .
tom isn't the type of person who learns from his mistakes .
tom lived in that small house for a little over ten years .
tom managed a small bar near boston for quite a long time .
tom practices the piano at least thirty minutes every day .
tom probably bought it with the money his father gave him .
tom put new pedals on the bicycle that he rides to school .
tom said he thought that pair of shoes were too expensive .
tom says he's planning to go back to boston for christmas .
tom spent most of the morning straightening up his office .
tom spoiled the movie for mary by telling her how it ends .
tom suddenly slammed on the brakes to avoid hitting a dog .
tom thinks it would be better not to visit mary right now .
tom wanted one , but he had no idea where he could get one .
tom was a better cook than mary was when they got married .
tom was a truck driver before he became a race car driver .
tom was able to do what the rest of us weren't able to do .
tom was stuck in a traffic jam for what seemed like hours .
tom wasn't able to find a babysitter on such short notice .
tom's reaction was the opposite of what mary had expected .
was this wall built to keep people out or to keep them in ?
we came to a place where the road branched into two lanes .
we discussed the matter from an educational point of view .
we enjoyed watching the fireworks on a bridge last summer .
we have to do something to stop this from happening again .
we have to learn all the songs before the end of the week .
we must hurry if we want to arrive at the station on time .
we need to burn all this stuff before the police get here .
we need to think about what'll happen if we don't do that .
we should consider the problem from a child's perspective .
we spend piles of money on the things we don't really use .
we took refuge in a cave and waited for the storm to pass .
we won't have enough time to do that before tom gets here .
we're going to invite tom and mary to our halloween party .
we're planning to have a christmas party on christmas eve .
what i told you about him also holds good for his brother .
what i told you about him also holds true for his brother .
what tom really wanted was a good friend he could talk to .
what a nice car you have ! you must have paid a lot for it .
what are some foods you can eat to lower your cholesterol ?
what are some foods you usually eat with a knife and fork ?
what do you spend most of your time on the computer doing ?
what mountain do you think is the second highest in japan ?
what on earth do you want six copies of the same book for ?
when i arrived at the station , the train had already left .
when i cough twice , that's your cue to come into the room .
when i go to see my grandson , i always give him something .
when i opened the window , i saw children playing baseball .
when spring comes , they dig up the fields and plant seeds .
when we saw what was happening there , we decided to leave .
when you skateboard , it puts quite a strain on your knees .
while i was waiting for the bus , i saw a traffic accident .
while we were on holiday , a neighbor took care of our cat .
who wants to be cooped up indoors on a nice day like this ?
why didn't you guys tell me you didn't want to go camping ?
why in the world are you doing that at this time of night ?
would you have asked me this question if i had been a man ?
you can expect to receive a little something from us soon .
you can tell a lot about someone by the company they keep .
you can't take pictures in the theater without permission .
you didn't come at four . that's why they went without you .
you don't fall in love with somebody because he's perfect .
you got the date wrong when you were filling in the check .
you had better take this medicine if you want to get well .
you may call him a fool , but you cannot call him a coward .
you may think those shoes are in fashion , but they aren't .
you must concentrate your attention on what you are doing .
you owe it to those who are dependent upon you to do this .
you shouldn't depend too much on other people to help you .
you think you're awake , but you may , in fact , be dreaming .
you will exist but you will never know what it is to live .
you'd be amazed how much beer tom drinks when he goes out .
you'd look a lot younger if you'd shave off your mustache .
you'll be able to take many pictures with your new camera .
you're the most beautiful woman i've ever held in my arms .
your initial order is subject to a special discount of 5% .
are tom and mary dating ? no , they're just good friends .
can i eat this mushroom ? you can eat anything one time .
he's been sick . oh really , i hope it's nothing serious .
how much is this handkerchief ? it is ninety-five cents .
i'm not interrupting anything , am i ? no , of course not .
in my opinion , said the younger brother , you are wrong .
she doesn't like music . and she doesn't like me either .
tom was killed in an automobile accident . how horrible !
what do you want to be when you grow up ? a millionaire .
what kind of beer do you want ? what do you have on tap ?
why did you do that ? i wanted to see what would happen .
would you get me a cup of coffee ? sure . i'd be glad to .
you'll never get past the guards . i'll take my chances .
a common way to finance a budget deficit is to issue bonds .
a lot of people are waiting to see what is going to happen .
a priest was called in to give last rites to the dying man .
a strong wind severed the electric wires in several places .
a well-made cup of coffee should require no cream or sugar .
according to my calculation , she should be in india by now .
adobe and apple both have top-notch video editing programs .
after hearing the tragic news , he went outside to be alone .
all great men are dead and i'm not feeling too well myself .
all of a sudden , the enemy bombs came down on us like rain .
all these books will be worth their weight in gold someday .
although they are twins , they have few interests in common .
as always , he got up early in the morning and went jogging .
as is usual with him , he arrived a quarter of an hour late .
at this time , there's no safer place to be than right here .
because of the storm , we had no choice but to stay at home .
because of you , i'm having problems with my blood pressure .
berlin has the best air quality of any large european city .
british english differs from american english in many ways .
can you imagine what life would be like without television ?
can you remember the first time you ate at this restaurant ?
children are often very good at learning foreign languages .
compare the two carefully , and you will see the difference .
compared with last year , this year's crops are much better .
could you please talk a bit louder ? i can't hear very well .
country life is very peaceful in comparison with city life .
demand for imported cars is increasing due to lower prices .
did your mother use to play the piano when she was younger ?
do any of you have anything to say in connection with this ?
do you think tom will be able to teach mary how to do that ?
do you think our climate has an influence on our character ?
do you want me to talk to tom about what's going to happen ?
don't eat the fruit in the bowl on the table . it's plastic .
don't you think it's strange that no one is looking for us ?
eat everything on your plate , or you won't get any dessert .
even the experts took the painting for a genuine rembrandt .
even though i'm sitting here in the sun , i still feel cold .
every author suffers from writer's block from time to time .
excuse me . can you direct me to the nearest subway station ?
feeling tired after his walk in the country , he took a nap .
french is one of the languages i've always wanted to learn .
go straight until you see the post office , then turn right .
had i known your telephone number , i would have called you .
have you finished writing that song you've been working on ?
having a small flashlight in your pocket may come in handy .
he amassed a fortune in stock trading during the last boom .
he deliberately ignored me when i passed him in the street .
he did well in all subjects and , above all , in mathematics .
he examined the house with an eye to opening a store there .
he had to call on all his experience to carry out the plan .
he has given up running in order to focus on the long jump .
he left his hometown at the age of fifteen never to return .
he looks to his uncle for advice whenever he is in trouble .
he made it clear that he had nothing to do with the matter .
he makes a point of doing ten push-ups before going to bed .
he noticed a hole in his jacket , but he tried to ignore it .
he peddled his miracle cure to desperate cancer patients .
he raised the glass to his lips and drained it at one gulp .
he said that if he knew her address , he would write to her .
he set out to do something that had never been done before .
he takes the attitude that resistance is a waste of energy .
he took advantage of the good weather to do some gardening .
he was about to fall asleep , when he heard his name called .
he works for a big newspaper with a very large circulation .
he's not lazy . on the contrary , i think he's a hard worker .
her father became an invalid as a result of a heart attack .
how about staying for dinner ? i'm making a big pot of stew .
how do you think this passage would sound on the accordion ?
how many people do you think we should invite to our party ?
how many rooms are there on the second floor of your house ?
how many spoonfuls of sugar do you usually put in your tea ?
how many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror ?
how much time does the average teenager watch tv every day ?
how old were you when you stopped believing in santa claus ?
how to overcome the high value of the yen is a big problem .
humans are the only living creatures that make use of fire .
hundreds of soldiers ate in silence around their campfires .
i asked tom not to tell mary about that , but he did anyway .
i asked tom why he wasn't planning to go to boston with us .
i assumed you might be hungry so i brought some sandwiches .
i barely had time to finish this report before the meeting .
i borrowed money not only from tom , but from his wife , too .
i can get to work faster by walking than by taking the car .
i can't afford to eat at an expensive restaurant like this .
i can't believe your parents let you come here by yourself .
i can't concentrate if you keep tapping me on the shoulder .
i can't do that with you because i don't have enough money .
i cannot see this picture without remembering my childhood .
i caught my son making prank calls to random phone numbers .
i couldn't light the candle because the wick was too short .
i didn't have time to do everything that needed to be done .
i didn't have time to think . i had to make a judgment call .
i didn't need to understand french to know they were angry .
i discussed it with my father and decided to change my job .
i don't care how much it costs . i'm going to buy it anyway .
i don't know why i thought it would be different this time .
i don't like people to know that i can't speak french well .
i don't think i have the experience necessary for that job .
i don't think people should make a mountain of a mole hill .
i don't want to have kids , and i don't want to get married .
i don't want you knocking on my door at two in the morning .
i even wrote a speech just in case i was asked to give one .
i felt quite relieved after i had said all i wanted to say .
i get the feeling that no one here is telling us the truth .
i hate the sound that cellophane makes when you crinkle it .
i have an important meeting i have to go to this afternoon .
i have been wearing this overcoat for more than five years .
i have fewer students in my class this year than last year .
i have often heard it said that honesty is the best policy .
i haven't eaten anything except one slice of bread all day .
i know a few words of french , just enough to be understood .
i know how to swim , but i don't like swimming in the river .
i know you aren't planning on staying here for a long time .
i like him not because he is kind but because he is honest .
i liked walking alone on the deserted beach in the evening .
i missed the last train , so i had to walk all the way home .
i need time to mull things over before i decide what to do .
i need to finish writing the article today , no matter what .
i never thought he was capable of doing something so cruel .
i prefer to drink my coffee without sugar and without milk .
i promise you i'll stay with you until your father arrives .
i put on a lot of sunscreen , but i still got a bad sunburn .
i really don't understand why you think that's a good idea .
i sincerely regret having caused you such an inconvenience .
i slept a little during lunch break because i was so tired .
i suppose you have some ideas on how to handle this matter .
i think tom said he'd be staying in boston for three weeks .
i think it's time for me to write my mother another letter .
i think that i already know what you're going to say to me .
i think you already have enough money to buy what you need .
i think you're the woman i've been waiting for all my life .
i usually prefer to pay with credit card and not with cash .
i waited half an hour for my friend , but he didn't turn up .
i want that more than i've ever wanted anything in my life .
i want those responsible for the massacre brought to trial .
i want to arrive at kennedy airport early in the afternoon .
i want to be part of the solution , not part of the problem .
i want to cut down on the time it takes to process records .
i want to go to australia again before my passport expires .
i want to know why you weren't at the meeting this morning .
i was never told that i was supposed to be at that meeting .
i was planning to call him , but changed my mind and didn't .
i wonder if there'll be more snow this year than last year .
i wonder if you have ever considered going to a specialist .
i would like to have this car repaired as soon as possible .
i would rather stay at home than go out on such a cold day .
i'd like it if you would clean this room before i get back .
i'd like to stay and chat , but i've got a meeting to go to .
i'd rather clean my room than spend time doing my homework .
i'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints .
i'd rather not eat the meat from an animal that was cloned .
i'm a deeply religious man and believe in life after death .
i'm going to put them in a room and let them battle it out .
i'm sorry to disturb you , but there's a phone call for you .
i'm the type who likes to think things over very carefully .
i've already gained back all the weight i lost last summer .
i've never been to boston . however , i have been in chicago .
i've never seen two people so much in love as tom and mary .
if i were you , i'd think twice before going down that path .
if i win the lottery , i'll be able to live high on the hog .
if it weren't for music , the world would be a boring place .
if it's a good day tomorrow , let's go to the river to swim .
if only she were to help , the job would be finished sooner .
if two people are in agreement , one of them is unnecessary .
if you can't afford a lawyer , one will be appointed to you .
if you combine them in this way , you get a 14 port usb hub .
if you could choose the genes for your children , would you ?
if you do this , you'll regret it for the rest of your life .
if you have a problem with any of this , i need to know now .
if you have any doubts , let me know without any hesitation .
if you keep breaking the club rules , you'll get thrown out .
if you keep harping on his flaws , he'll grow to resent you .
if you tell the truth , you don't have to remember anything .
if you trespass on his property , he'll sic his dogs on you .
in baseball , the pitcher is the player who throws the ball .
in my opinion , it would be difficult to solve this problem .
in spite of the fact that she was busy , she came to see me .
instead of going himself , he sent his brother in his place .
instead of taking a rest , he worked much harder than usual .
is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die ?
it goes without saying that smoking is bad for your health .
it is difficult for foreign students to speak english well .
it is sad that so few people give money to help the hungry .
it is utterly impossible to finish the work within a month .
it is very difficult to speak a foreign language correctly .
it is yet to be seen whether this plan will succeed or not .
it makes no difference to me whether you believe it or not .
it makes no difference whether the train is delayed or not .
it takes twenty minutes to walk from the station to school .
it took me more than a week to put the model ship together .
it was apparent that he did not understand what i had said .
it was raining hard , but she insisted on going for a drive .
it was such a cold day that there was nobody on the street .
it would be a pity if you let this opportunity pass you by .
it's almost always cheaper to buy things from a wholesaler .
it's been a long time since i had such a pleasant surprise .
it's equivalent to sawing off the branch you're sitting on .
it's very difficult even for a japanese to put on a kimono .
japan is a country that is completely surrounded by oceans .
japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn .
judging from the look of the sky , it will be fine tomorrow .
last night someone broke into the small shop near my house .
latex is a natural ingredient that comes from rubber trees .
leaving something unfinished is the worst thing you can do .
let us stop to think how much we depend upon atomic energy .
let's go to an all-you-can-eat place and have a big dinner .
life is what happens to us while we are making other plans .
man has a great capacity to adapt to environmental changes .
many of the people that need these drugs can't afford them .
many parents think there's too much violence on television .
many people in africa were killed as a result of the storm .
more students apply to the university than can be accepted .
my grandmother attributes her good health to active living .
my parents wouldn't allow me to do that when i was younger .
my sister has been studying in her room since this morning .
my sister was robbed of her bag on her way home last night .
my small bladder has me constantly running to the bathroom .
my wallet has been stolen , so i'm going to call the police .
my wife harbors a deep-seated resentment toward her father .
new books are readily available from bookstores and online .
no less than three hundred dollars was needed for the work .
no matter how bad it gets , she won't die from that disease .
no matter how hard i try , i can't remember the exact words .
no matter how much i think about it , i can't understand it .
nobody having anything more to say , the meeting was closed .
on second thought , i think i will have a slice of that pie .
one hour of sleep before midnight is worth two hours after .
our firm is on the verge of bankruptcy , i'm ashamed to say .
our kids are all tucked in . now we can kick back and relax .
our mother had no choice but to make dinner with leftovers .
our new method of doing that is quicker and more efficient .
people have a tendency to underestimate their future needs .
pets aren't allowed in the apartment building where i live .
plastic kills countless seabirds and sea turtles each year .
please help yourself to some apple pie . i baked it for you .
please open your bag so that i can see what you have in it .
press the green button . if you do so , the light will go on .
quite a few people couldn't recognize him in that disguise .
reporters do not hesitate to intrude into people's privacy .
sea otters love to eat clams while swimming on their backs .
she advised him not to believe everything the teacher says .
she braked hard when she saw a child run out into the road .
she could always call her parents when she was in a crunch .
she could hardly keep from laughing when she saw the dress .
she folded up the towels and put them away in the cupboard .
she gave considerable thought to what to do with the money .
she is a better singer than any other student in her class .
she is rich , certainly , but i don't think she's very smart .
she seems timid , but she's actually a strong-willed person .
she stole a lot of money from him , so now she is in prison .
she turned off the lights so she could enjoy the moonlight .
she was the last woman that i expected to see at the party .
she's not here to defend herself against these accusations .
she's only two years old , but she can already count to 100 .
should i wait for you tomorrow in front of the opera house ?
since i walked very fast , i was in time for the last train .
since he was able to walk so far , he must have strong legs .
so you are really offering me a roflex watch for 5 dollars ?
some indigenous tribes in brazil are threatened by loggers .
some of these young people have legs twice as long as mine .
sometimes when it's very cold , i can't get my car to start .
spend your time wisely and you'll always have enough of it .
studying how to communicate effectively is time well spent .
sweating allows the human body to regulate its temperature .
take the elevator three floors down to the conference room .
tell her you like her . don't be afraid . she won't bite you .
tell me the reason why you want to live in the countryside .
the apollo program greatly advanced our knowledge of space .
the ambulances carried the injured to the nearest hospital .
the app won't work if you're not connected to the internet .
the boy who had been missing was identified by his clothes .
the capital of mexico is the largest city in latin america .
the coach gave his team a pep talk before the game started .
the crew is busy preparing for the voyage into outer space .
the demonstration at city hall started getting out of hand .
the doctor informed his patient of the name of his disease .
the door opened and there she was , standing in the doorway .
the driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers .
the engine didn't start because it needed a new spark plug .
the inspector arrived at the school late on monday morning .
the instant he opened the door , he smelt something burning .
the lake was frozen , so we were able to walk to the island .
the man decided to wait at the station until his wife came .
the man held on to his job stubbornly and would not retire .
the mouse was lured into the trap by a big piece of cheese .
the old man was run over and immediately taken to hospital .
the only useful answers are those that raise new questions .
the painting looks great , but you hung it a little crooked .
the plane had already taken off when i reached the airport .
the police have uncovered new evidence related to the case .
the police took some pictures of the scene of the accident .
the population of japan is larger than that of new zealand .
the priest blessed the congregation at the end of the mass .
the quality of their products has gone down over the years .
the rain stopped us from being able to play tennis outside .
the situation at home is getting more unbearable every day .
the soldiers thought that they might be home for christmas .
the style is nice , but do you have it in a different color ?
the sum of all the angles in a triangle equals 180 degrees .
the summit nations put free trade at the top of the agenda .
the teacher caught the student cheating on the examination .
the waiters bumped into each other and dropped their trays .
the weather was getting worse and worse as the day went on .
there are only 10 minutes left until the end of the lesson .
there are so many stars in the sky , i can't count them all .
there are some misprints , but all in all , it's a good book .
there is much more water in this lake now than in the past .
there were only a few patches of vegetation near the river .
there've been times when doing that has caused us problems .
they should go , regardless of whether they're men or women .
they wanted a wedding picture in front of the eiffel tower .
they were ready to run the risk of being shot by the enemy .
they will demolish the building and replace it with a park .
things might've turned out better if you hadn't gone there .
this chair is very comfortable , but i don't like the color .
this has shaken my faith in the institutions of government .
this is going to be the hottest summer in thirty-six years .
this is the best indian restaurant that i've ever eaten at .
this looks longer than that , but it is an optical illusion .
this melon sounds hollow . maybe that's why it was so cheap .
though it stopped raining , the wind was still blowing hard .
three-fourths of the earth's surface is covered with water .
tom and mary gave each other presents on christmas morning .
tom and mary rearranged the furniture in their living room .
tom can't carry all those suitcases so you should help him .
tom certainly fits the description that the police gave us .
tom didn't even have the courtesy to say that he was sorry .
tom doesn't want to get married until he's in his thirties .
tom doesn't want you to share this information with anyone .
tom found christmas presents hidden under his parents' bed .
tom found it fairly easy to follow mary without being seen .
tom had bags under his eyes after several sleepless nights .
tom had to swallow his pride and admit that he needed help .
tom hasn't yet finished reading the book that you lent him .
tom hid the children's christmas presents behind the couch .
tom is a bad driver , but he thinks that he's a good driver .
tom is one of the most respected men in the business world .
tom is the only one in our family who doesn't like singing .
tom is the only one who knows the combination for the safe .
tom likes to listen to music while he's doing his homework .
tom locked himself in the bathroom and refused to come out .
tom rinsed off the plates and put them into the dishwasher .
tom said he didn't have time to answer all of my questions .
tom said he saw something suspicious the morning mary died .
tom secretly read mary's diary while she was taking a bath .
tom told mary that he had finished the work a few days ago .
tom told mary that he had never really intended to do that .
tom told his parents he wanted a new bicycle for christmas .
tom took out his cell phone so that he could take a selfie .
tom walked into the living room , still buttoning his shirt .
tom was a school bus driver before he became a taxi driver .
tom was heartbroken when mary told him she was leaving him .
two men are trying to figure out what's wrong with the car .
unless i leave right away , i'll be late for my appointment .
using a flashlight , the policeman signaled the car to stop .
wash the shirt in soapy water and the stains will come out .
we bought our new neighbors a clock as a housewarming gift .
we cannot tell a good person from a bad one by looks alone .
we did not evolve from monkeys . we share a common ancestor .
we learned at school that the square root of nine is three .
we never went on family vacations because we were too poor .
we plan to spend christmas with my wife's family this year .
we'd better hurry . i don't want to be late for the concert .
we'll do away with all these silly rules as soon as we can .
we'll do whatever it takes to complete the project on time .
we'll have known each other for three years next christmas .
what does your spouse like to do that you don't like to do ?
what kind of person would spend so much money on a bicycle ?
what kinds of changes are needed to address these problems ?
what she lacks in charisma she makes up for with hard work .
when i heard that song , it reminded me of when i was a kid .
when i was a child , i was spanked if i did something wrong .
when i was a kid , i often went to the beach to go swimming .
when i was young , i tried to read as many books as i could .
when i was younger , i used to listen to a lot of punk rock .
when his wife died , he received dozens of condolence cards .
whenever my uncle comes , he brings some nice things for us .
where on earth can he have gone off to at this time of day ?
while employed at the bank , he taught economics at college .
who is the tall guy with long dark hair playing the guitar ?
who was your favorite teacher when you were in high school ?
who would have thought that she could be so thin and small ?
why don't we drive out to the country for a change of pace ?
why would anyone hide something like that inside this cave ?
would you like a glass of orange juice with your breakfast ?
would you please allow me to treat you to dinner next week ?
you can never be happy if you feel envious of other people .
you can't eat chicken ? how do you know if you never try it ?
you disobeyed a direct order and must pay the consequences .
you don't have to use a dictionary when you read this book .
you have to have a lot of stamina to be an olympic athlete .
you have to have an audition before you can join the choir .
you know as well as i do that tom isn't a very good singer .
you may be right , but we have a slightly different opinion .
you must remove your shoes when you enter a japanese house .
you never told me that you didn't know how to speak french .
you should assume that tom already knows about the problem .
you should get yourself examined by the doctor immediately .
you shouldn't say such a thing in the presence of children .
you sure ruffled her feathers with that anti-feminist joke .
you're going to electrocute yourself if you're not careful .
you're the only person i know who can play the french horn .
you're under arrest for endangering the welfare of a minor .
your phone rang several times while you were in the shower .
here are some flowers for you . thanks . they're gorgeous .
i don't have my license with me . no problem , i'll drive .
this used to be such a friendly place . tell me about it .
a bird is known by its song and a man by his way of talking .
a dog that barks all the time doesn't make a good watch dog .
a group of young men are playing handball in the playground .
a new model isn't necessarily any better than the older one .
a time bomb went off in the airport killing thirteen people .
a traffic accident deprived him of the use of his left hand .
afraid of hurting his feelings , i didn't tell him the truth .
after losing his job , he went through a very difficult time .
after they received the results , all of them were depressed .
all the doctor's efforts were in vain and the man soon died .
am i really the only one here who doesn't understand french ?
are they arriving at ten o'clock in the morning or at night ?
are you sure you don't want to use the toilet before you go ?
as far as i know , the novel is not translated into japanese .
as soon as i finish writing the report , i'll send it to you .
be sure to look over your paper again before you hand it in .
because of the storm , we couldn't search for the lost child .
before going to work in paris , i must brush up on my french .
control freaks usually make people around them very unhappy .
did you have your photograph taken for the driver's license ?
did you hear that a burglar broke into the neighbor's house ?
disneyland was very interesting . you should've come with us .
do you know how many people died in yesterday's plane crash ?
do you think it'll be easy to find the kind of job you want ?
do you think it's a good idea to feed your dog table scraps ?
do you think it's dangerous for me to swim across the river ?
do you want to go out or stay at home ? either is ok with me .
don't come back until you've done what i've asked you to do .
don't forget to turn off the gas before you leave the house .
dr . yukawa played an important part in the scientific study .
each one of the world's great successes was a failure first .
every monday , i have a face-to-face meeting with my manager .
every language is equally precious and dear to its speakers .
everyone in the room checked their watches at the same time .
everyone says that the food at this restaurant is very good .
food really does taste better when eaten with close friends .
have you already decided where you'll be spending christmas ?
have you ever been hospitalized for bronchitis or pneumonia ?
have you finished reading the book i lent you the other day ?
have you thought about what we talked about the other night ?
having failed twice yesterday , he doesn't want to try again .
he asked me questions similar to those asked by many others .
he became so excited that what he said made no sense at all .
he crashed his car because someone tampered with the brakes .
he finished his dinner because he didn't like to waste food .
he gave a series of lectures on japanese literature at ucla .
he had a hard time making himself understood at the meeting .
he had just finished his homework when the clock struck ten .
he met many fascinating people in the course of his travels .
he offered no specific explanation for his strange behavior .
he quickly scanned the page for the word he was looking for .
he tied his dog up to the tree while he went into the store .
he took charge of the family business after his father died .
he's bulked up quite a bit since he's been going to the gym .
hello ! fancy meeting you here ! it's a small world , isn't it ?
her son is a mama's boy . he has to be with her all the time .
his bag is right here , so he cannot have gone to school yet .
how could you just walk out the door without saying goodbye ?
how do you console a woman who has just lost her only child ?
how many times a month do you write a letter to your mother ?
how many times do i have to repeat that she isn't my friend ?
i always end up looking up the same words in the dictionary .
i bought this book at the bookstore in front of the station .
i can't find my key , but it has to be somewhere around here .
i checked twice to make certain we hadn't made any mistakes .
i copied in my notebook whatever he wrote on the blackboard .
i could've helped if you'd let me know that you needed help .
i couldn't help but feel disappointed when i heard the news .
i didn't have enough time to eat everything that was served .
i didn't know how much it would cost to get my car repaired .
i do not have the courage to ask my boss to lend me his car .
i don't know what you're cooking , but it smells really good .
i don't think she'll be happy living with her mother-in-law .
i don't want you to feel that i'm pressuring you to do this .
i enforce the rules even though i don't agree with them all .
i feel ashamed that i got such bad marks in the examination .
i forgot to tell you what time the meeting's going to start .
i had a hard time trying to persuade him to cancel the trip .
i had my car filled up at the service station at the corner .
i had never seen a windmill until i visited the netherlands .
i hadn't planned to tell you about what happened last night .
i have a feeling that something horrible is about to happen .
i have three dogs . one is male and the other two are female .
i have to be up early tomorrow morning , so i'm going to bed .
i haven't eaten at my grandmother's house since i was a kid .
i haven't got the foggiest notion what you're talking about .
i hear tom was the one who taught you how to play the cello .
i hope i gave you enough money to buy everything you needed .
i just wanted to wish you and your family a merry christmas .
i knew there would be trouble when tom walked into the room .
i know that this is the first time this has happened to you .
i make it a rule not to watch television after nine o'clock .
i must confess that my theory doesn't account for that fact .
i need an envelope , a piece of paper , and a pencil or a pen .
i never thought i would have to support such a large family .
i never thought it'd be this easy to hack into your website .
i ran into an old friend of mine at the party the other day .
i spent two hours watching a baseball game on tv last night .
i spent two hours yesterday trying to fix that broken radio .
i think tom is leaving australia at the end of the semester .
i think it's time for me to reconsider how i've been living .
i think this is the most impressive building on park street .
i thought he loved you , but as it is , he loved another girl .
i thought that tom was going to ask someone else to do that .
i understand the sentence , but i'm not able to translate it .
i want to apologize for all the things i said earlier today .
i was amazed at the fluency with which the boy spoke french .
i was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang .
i was thinking about going to that new place on park street .
i was wondering when you were going to tell me you loved me .
i wasn't supposed to help my son do his homework , but i did .
i wish i had eaten at that restaurant before it burned down .
i would like my breakfast in my room at eight o'clock sharp .
i'd rather live in peaceful poverty than in wealth and fear .
i'll ask him where he is planning to go during the vacation .
i'll demonstrate it with the help of some concrete examples .
i'll treat you like an adult when you start acting like one .
i'm getting older and i don't want to work at night anymore .
i'm going to take my vacation in september rather than july .
i'm not the only one who saw tom swimming yesterday evening .
i'm sure you did what you thought was the right thing to do .
i've just arrived . i haven't even unpacked my suitcases yet .
if i had it all to do over again , i wouldn't change a thing .
if he carries on like this , he's going to wind up in prison .
if he'd been there , he'd have told you to mind your manners .
if it had not been for civil war , they would be wealthy now .
if she'd taken her doctor's advice , she might not have died .
if the weather clears up , we'll go for a walk in the forest .
if this plan doesn't work , we'll have to try something else .
if we get out of here alive , i'll buy you anything you want .
if you and i could join forces , we'd really get things done .
if you behave like a flunkey , you're treated like a flunkey .
if you can't explain it easily , you don't yet understand it .
if you don't bother the bees , they're unlikely to sting you .
if you don't study hard , you'll continue to get poor scores .
if you get enough rest every night , you'll feel much better .
if you had stayed here , you would have had a very good time .
if you had taken my advice , you wouldn't be in such trouble .
if you want something done right , you should do it yourself .
in 1860 , lincoln was elected president of the united states .
in caseyou're wondering , this isn't my natural hair color .
in spite of the language difficulty , we soon became friends .
instead of going to boston next summer , let's go to chicago .
it is interesting to hear from someone in a different field .
it is strange that you should know nothing about the matter .
it isn't nice to make fun of people with speech impediments .
it seems that our sense of direction is not always reliable .
it took me a while to understand what she was trying to say .
it was determined that the plane crashed due to pilot error .
it was heartless of him to say such a thing to the sick man .
it was once thought that there was intelligent life on mars .
it was only yesterday that i realized what she really meant .
it was raining so hard that we had to put off our departure .
it was such a hard test that we did not have time to finish .
it'll take me a long time to do all the things i want to do .
it's been almost ten years , but you're as beautiful as ever .
it's better to be approximately right than completely wrong .
it's easy to give advice when you've never had any problems .
it's hard to predict what the weather will be like tomorrow .
it's hard to tell the difference between the truth and lies .
it's not hard to stand out when you're surrounded by idiots .
it's not how much you know , but what you can do that counts .
it's obvious that he's not used to living on a tight budget .
it's wrong to deceive people , but worse to deceive yourself .
just because he likes painting doesn't mean he's good at it .
just between ourselves , i don't think he's going to succeed .
last night my daughter didn't come home until half past one .
last night there was a fire near here , and i couldn't sleep .
lawyers and auto mechanics are the people i trust the least .
let's have one more drink , and then i'll take you back home .
look , i've had a long day and i want to go to bed right now .
los angeles is the second largest city in the united states .
many people in my grandfather's generation grew up on farms .
mary promised her mother that she would help her more often .
mary's closets are full of clothes she hasn't worn in years .
my brother didn't have the courage to swim across the river .
my sister can't start the day without reading her horoscope .
my three-year-old daughter asked me to take her to the park .
no matter how hard you may try , you won't succeed so easily .
nothing is more pleasant than taking a rest after hard work .
now that tom is unemployed , he has quite a bit of free time .
now that you are grown up , you must not behave like a child .
on weekends , i take my dogs out for a long walk in the park .
people can choose to start loving , but can't choose to stop .
pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style .
please remain seated until the aircraft arrives at the gate .
please write down your name , address , and phone number here .
population growth has given rise to serious social problems .
private detectives were hired to look into the strange case .
promise me that you won't sell your guitar to anyone but me .
seeing the woman with the yellow hat reminded me of a story .
seen from a distance , the big rock looks like an old castle .
she advised him to talk about his life in the united states .
she can tell the most outrageous lie without batting an eye .
she couldn't fall asleep because she was thinking about him .
she doesn't have a babysitter , so she can't go to the party .
she first came into contact with japanese culture last year .
she looked after her sister , who was in bed with a bad cold .
she made me so angry on the telephone that i hung up on her .
she was advised by him not to borrow money from his friends .
she was livid when she found out all the lies he'd told her .
since there is no air on the moon , there is no sound at all .
some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old .
some countries in europe are not part of the european union .
someone is standing behind the bushes taking pictures of us .
sometimes i wonder whether or not i made the right decision .
stop making a fool of yourself . everyone is laughing at you .
take this folding umbrella with you . it might come in handy .
taking advantage of the holidays , i returned home to nagoya .
that job wasn't very interesting . however , the pay was good .
that was a more serious problem than we thought it would be .
that's a good story . the only problem is that it's not true .
that's a pretty lame joke . did you come up with it yourself ?
that's something we should probably take care of right away .
that's why some veterans never wanted to talk about the war .
the christmas party won't be the same this year without tom .
the titanic sank on her maiden voyage . she was a large ship .
the united nations sent troops to intervene in the conflict .
the best way to predict the future is to create it yourself .
the car was carrying four people when the accident occurred .
the cat burglar must have entered the mansion from the roof .
the child sat on his mother's lap and listened to the story .
the delay forced us to stay overnight in an expensive hotel .
the first thing you have to take into consideration is time .
the first word of an english sentence should be capitalized .
the home team always have an advantage over their opponents .
the last time tom talked to me was the day before yesterday .
the minister appointed one of his cronies to a key position .
the most important thing to do now is for us to remain calm .
the news of her sudden death came like a bolt from the blue .
the number of traffic accidents seems to be on the increase .
the old shack seems to have weathered the storm pretty well .
the pain she suffered while being tortured was unimaginable .
the people he is living with in london are coming to see me .
the police fished a dead body out of the river this morning .
the power of his physique is evident to all who look at him .
the president gave up the idea because it was not practical .
the schedule dictates that this work be done by the weekend .
the store was so crowded that they lost sight of each other .
the suspect was hiding out in the mountains for three weeks .
the torture made him confess to crimes he had not committed .
the tunnel caved in because of the earthquake the other day .
the two countries will negotiate a settlement to the crisis .
the water stopped running because the hose has a kink in it .
the wedding ceremony will be held regardless of the weather .
there is no doubt in my mind that tom will win the election .
there was nothing but the ocean as far as the eye could see .
there were 215 votes for the motion and 15 votes against it .
there's no danger of this lamp setting fire to the curtains .
they asked his older brother to help them do their homework .
they established a japanese language class for the refugees .
they just padded the report to make it look more impressive .
they said there wasn't enough time for a full investigation .
they sleep in separate bedrooms even though they're married .
this apartment is bigger than any other one in the building .
this is the first time i've ever written a letter in french .
this is the first time that i've cut my finger with a knife .
this is the house where that poet lived when he was a child .
this message turned out to be a little hard for me to write .
this scandal will likely ruin your chances of being elected .
this time , the same as always , i crammed at the last minute .
those pants are much too long . they almost touch the ground .
three of the men involved in the accident were hospitalized .
three years ago something like this never would've happened .
to determine its origin , we must go back to the middle ages .
tom always asks for permission before he borrows my bicycle .
tom and mary spent the day putting up christmas decorations .
tom asked mary if she was planning to work on christmas day .
tom asked mary if she would be willing to donate some money .
tom asked mary when the last time she had bought a book was .
tom can't be over thirty . he looks like he's about eighteen .
tom decided that it wasn't necessary to pay that bill today .
tom didn't get paid as much as they told him they'd pay him .
tom didn't seem to be aware that he was supposed to do that .
tom doesn't know the difference between a mule and a donkey .
tom eats pizza with a fork , but mary eats it with her hands .
tom fell asleep while he was driving and caused an accident .
tom is one of the most expensive photographers in the world .
tom kept talking and didn't let mary get a word in edgewise .
tom played the piano for three hours without taking a break .
tom pushed me into the pool , so i got out and pushed him in .
tom said he felt rested and was ready to start hiking again .
tom says he can make a decent living as a sidewalk musician .
tom told mary that he would be spending christmas in boston .
tom told mary that she was the fattest woman he'd ever seen .
tom translated a letter from french to english for his boss .
tom was looking for place to eat that had reasonable prices .
tom was sitting at the bar three stools away , drinking beer .
tom's french pronunciation isn't as good as he thinks it is .
tom's lost a lot of blood , but he hasn't lost consciousness .
trees are habitats for animals , such as squirrels and birds .
turn the christmas tree lights off when you leave the house .
we are going to make up for lost time by taking a short cut .
we aren't going to have an office christmas party this year .
we did not expect him to finish the task in so short a time .
we don't have a parking lot , but you can park on the street .
we don't like our neighbors , and they don't like us , either .
we need to get this truck unloaded before it starts raining .
we should appeal to reason instead of resorting to violence .
we take it for granted that he will succeed in his business .
we'll go to hong kong first , and then we'll go to singapore .
we'll have our picnic inside if the weather doesn't improve .
we're going to a new bar tonight . do you want to come along ?
we're looking for some computer-savvy people to work for us .
we're not going to have an office christmas party this year .
we're pleased to announce that that problem has been solved .
were you really able to get tom to do your homework for you ?
what do you think is the best christmas present for a woman ?
what does it cost to build a new house in this neighborhood ?
what makes you think that tom prefers living in the country ?
what you see above the water is just the tip of the iceberg .
when he got into trouble , he turned to his parents for help .
when the weather was nice , tom always left his windows open .
when you make the bed , don't forget to fluff up the pillows .
when you've finished reading that book , i'd like to read it .
why is it so hard for you to be nice to your little brother ?
why would she go out of her way to help a deadbeat like you ?
with the bridge destroyed , there was nothing to do but swim .
with your experience , any company would hire you right away .
would you consider taking care of my children next saturday ?
would you mind telling me what you're doing in my apartment ?
years of running in marathons have taken a toll on my knees .
you can lead a horse to water , but you can't make him drink .
you can lie to everyone else , but you can't lie to yourself .
you can take a horse to water , but you can't make him drink .
you can't fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude .
you forgot to lock your office door yesterday when you left .
you get paid in proportion to the amount of the work you do .
you must have a driver's license before you can drive a car .
you must have women throwing themselves at you all the time .
you must turn in your old license in order to get a new one .
you should concentrate on one thing and learn to do it well .
you should go to the dentist and have that tooth pulled out .
you should not despise a man just because he is poorly paid .
you'd be amazed how many times i've told tom not to do that .
you'll make the same mistake if things continue in this way .
you're the only person i know who is qualified for this job .
your eccentricities can make you either charming or tedious .
can you come over this afternoon ? yes , i suppose i could .
how did you get in here ? i climbed in through the window .
i plan to help tom steal some cars . that would be unwise .
shall i have him call you when he gets back ? yes , please .
tom has been putting on some weight yeah , i noticed that .
tom is thirty years old . he's not really that old , is he ?
tom lives two houses down from mary . that's pretty close .
we have to tell tom about that now . that's not an option .
we need to get ready for the party . oh , was that tonight ?
when will you wash your car ? sometime this week , i think .
would you get me a cup of coffee ? with pleasure , my dear .
would you like me to show you around town ? i'd like that .
you must be tired after a long day . no , not in the least .
a fat man seldom dislikes anybody very hard or for very long .
a fire broke out last night and three houses were burnt down .
a new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race .
a person with common sense would never do this kind of thing .
a young man asked us if he could succeed as a public speaker .
after i shut the door , i remembered i had left my key behind .
after a year's practice , she plays the piano after a fashion .
after eight months , he eventually started dating girls again .
after months of negotiations , the peace treaty was completed .
after much debate , we decided to spend our holidays in spain .
after the christmas party was over , we all went out caroling .
apparently my bare feet bothered him more than anything else .
as i got the train this morning , i met an old friend of mine .
as had been expected , the weather turned out to be very fine .
as the train pulled out , they waved goodbye to their parents .
because of a shortage of work , half the staff was discharged .
beethoven went over to the piano , sat down and began to play .
before we say goodbye , there's something i'd like to ask you .
cancer can be cured easily if it is found in its first phase .
cherry blossoms last only for a few days , a week at the most .
children whose parents are rich do not know how to use money .
did it ever occur to you that i might be busy this afternoon ?
didn't you tell me yesterday that you wouldn't be late today ?
dinner will be ready by the time you have finished your work .
do you believe global warming is the result of human actions ?
do you have any idea when those pictures might've been taken ?
do you know why tom didn't attend the meeting this afternoon ?
do you prefer for television shows to be subtitled or dubbed ?
do you remember the name of the paramedic that saved my life ?
do you spend more time with your friends or with your family ?
do you think it's dangerous to eat genetically modified food ?
do you want this done quickly or do you want this done right ?
don't ask me for forgiveness . what's been done has been done .
don't go near the bulldog . you wouldn't want him to bite you .
don't listen to tom . he doesn't know what he's talking about .
during droughts , farmers are barely able to eke out a living .
education does not consist simply in learning a lot of facts .
everyone looks the same , except the one standing on his head .
first of all , he is very worried about his daughter's health .
for your own safety , never ride in a car with a drunk driver .
hailing a cab in manhattan at 5:00 p . m . is nearly impossible .
have you had a thorough medical checkup within the last year ?
have you heard that a burglar broke into my neighbor's house ?
he anonymously donated a large sum of money to the red cross .
he bought the land for the purpose of building a house on it .
he does not like to wait until the last moment to do a thing .
he had such a bad headache that he had to cancel the meeting .
he introduced the problem of education into the conversation .
he must be a good walker to have walked such a long distance .
he never opens his mouth without complaining about something .
he says what he thinks regardless of other people's feelings .
he tied the world record for the hundred-meter breast-stroke .
he was so busy that he sent his son instead of going himself .
his story was so funny that everyone could not help laughing .
how many days will it take if i send this as registered mail ?
how many people did you buy christmas presents for this year ?
how many students have been admitted to the school this year ?
how many suicides do you think there are every year in japan ?
i am sorry that i haven't written to you in such a long time .
i appreciate what you're doing , but i don't think it'll help .
i assure you that an error like this will never happen again .
i ate half the apple before i noticed there was a worm in it .
i bought this book at the book store in front of the station .
i can walk from my house to the station in only five minutes .
i can't believe that you were the smartest kid in your class .
i can't stand it here any longer . i need a change of scenery .
i can't tell you his name , but i can tell you where he lives .
i can't tell you how happy i am that you've come to visit us .
i can't tell you how much i've looked forward to this moment .
i could hear the sound of children playing outside my window .
i didn't know that this was the first time you kissed a girl .
i didn't want to hurt your feelings , and i regret that i did .
i didn't want to spend any more time working on that project .
i do not like tea , so i generally drink coffee for breakfast .
i don't know how i did it . what's important is that i did it .
i don't think tom will ever be able to afford to buy a house .
i don't think we have enough money to buy everything we need .
i don't want there to be any chance of our missing the train .
i doubt that our new boss will be any worse than the old one .
i enjoy cooking , but i don't like the cleaning up afterwards .
i feel sad when i think about all the people who die in wars .
i finally found out what had been causing the pain in my leg .
i freely admit that i'm not the world expert in childrearing .
i gave you an extra hour and you still didn't finish the job .
i guess it's impossible for me to learn how to play the oboe .
i had a hard time trying to get this report finished on time .
i had a nagging sensation that i'd seen him somewhere before .
i hate it when i have to sit between two fat guys on a plane .
i have high blood pressure , so i need to stay away from salt .
i have no time for that , and besides , i don't have any money .
i have the feeling there's something you haven't told me yet .
i have to go to the store to buy some shampoo and toothpaste .
i haven't yet collected sufficient materials to write a book .
i hear it takes time to make friends with the english people .
i heard a cotton candy shop has just opened . let's go , dudes .
i know him by sight , but i have never actually spoken to him .
i love how you think of other people's needs before your own .
i might have to come home late . in that case , i'll phone you .
i must apologize for not having written for such a long time .
i only had a piece of toast and a cup of coffee this morning .
i planted various fruit trees on my property three years ago .
i put my fingers in my ears to block out the terrible sounds .
i really do want to devote some more time to studying french .
i remember the event as vividly as if it were just yesterday .
i think it's time for me to show you how to do that properly .
i think that it would be a good idea for you to study french .
i think that you are making the biggest mistake of your life .
i thought that i was going to earn a lot of money doing that .
i tried to open the door , but i couldn't since it was locked .
i walk across that bridge every morning on the way to school .
i want this work completed by two o'clock tomorrow afternoon .
i want to get into shape , so i've been working out every day .
i want to make a phone call , but i don't have any change now .
i want to try my best for as long as i am physically able to .
i was able to find the street , but i couldn't find her house .
i was trying to say something when you so rudely interrupted .
i was wondering if you would like to go to the dance with me .
i wish i hadn't tried driving home after i had drunk so much .
i won't be pressured into doing something i don't want to do .
i'll lend you the money , but mind you , this is the last time .
i'm extremely embarrassed that it has taken so long to reply .
i'm getting tired of hearing christmas music everywhere i go .
i'm glad to see that you're studying harder than you used to .
i'm sleepy because i stayed up all night studying for a test .
i'm sorry , but i really don't have time to do that right now .
i'm willing to take care of your children , if you want me to .
i've been keeping a diary in french for the last three years .
i've been riding so long i'm starting to smell like my horse .
i've been trying to get a hold of you for the past two hours .
i've got to hang up now . someone is waiting to use the phone .
i've had a headache for three days and i can't get rid of it .
i've made an appointment to see the doctor on monday at 2:30 .
if i had 25% more income , i'd be more satisfied with my life .
if i had known that you were here , i would have come at once .
if i had not overslept , i would have been in time for school .
if i'm not mistaken , i think we took a wrong turn back there .
if something sounds too good to be true , then it probably is .
if that is true , then he is not responsible for the accident .
if the medicine isn't working , maybe we should up the dosage .
if we leave now , we could be back in tucson before nightfall .
if you allow me to speak , i'll be able to explain everything .
if you behave like a lackey , you'll be treated like a lackey .
if you come to my house , i will tell you the story in detail .
if you could manage to go camping with us , we'd be delighted .
if you feed your dog properly , you can increase his lifespan .
if you had not eaten so much , you would not be so sleepy now .
if you keep on drinking like that , you'll be drunk very soon .
if you know what needs to be done , please go ahead and do it .
if you leave now , i'm sure you'll be caught in a traffic jam .
if you need a change of pace , why don't you come for a visit ?
if you push the button , the curtains will open automatically .
if you want something done right , you have to do it yourself .
if you want to do good work , you should use the proper tools .
in 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between japan and china .
in november , olives are harvested from the trees to make oil .
in retrospect , i probably shouldn't have gone there with her .
in the usa , opioids cause more deaths than traffic accidents .
investigators are running a probe into what caused the crash .
is it true that boston is a popular destination for tourists ?
is there any way you can un-shrink a t-shirt that has shrunk ?
it costs more to mint a penny than the penny itself is worth .
it doesn't matter to us if you take a photo from the outside .
it is generally hard to adapt to living in a foreign culture .
it isn't a secret that tom's opinion is different than yours .
it never occurred to me that he might be an escaped prisoner .
it never occurred to me that the whole thing might be a scam .
it seemed obvious to me that the plan needed a few revisions .
it sounds to me as if he has something to do with the matter .
it took a long time to bring him around to our point of view .
it was a pleasant day , but there were few people in the park .
it was a very slow train . it stopped at every little station .
it was dark and i couldn't make out the license plate number .
it was entirely by chance that i found out what he was doing .
it was hard for me to sell my guitar , but i needed the money .
it was in 1912 that the titanic sank during her first voyage .
it would never have occurred to me to say anything like that .
it'll be a long time before she gets over her father's death .
it'll take me at least three hours to do my homework tonight .
it's about time the government did something about pollution .
it's difficult to help people who can't admit they need help .
it's important for parents to spend time with their children .
it's important for us to think about the future of the world .
it's only a fifteen minute bus ride from here to the airport .
japanese houses are built of wood and they catch fire easily .
judging from the look of the sky , it may rain this afternoon .
just by looking at your face , i know that you have good news .
lake titicaca , the biggest lake in south america , is in peru .
last night was very hot and muggy , so i didn't sleep so well .
last night , i was so tired that i fell asleep with the tv on .
last summer , i had a chance to go to boston , but i didn't go .
lincoln's biography is read by children all around the world .
many americans still had money they had saved during the war .
many cancer patients lose their hair because of chemotherapy .
many students go to europe for the purpose of studying music .
mary felt happy when she learned the results of the election .
mary looks like her mother , but her personality is different .
maybe it would be better not to talk too much about the past .
microsoft has a completely new operating system in the works .
more than a third of the world population lives near a coast .
most of us are much more interesting than the world suspects .
my children had eaten all the cookies by the time i got home .
my fingers are so numb with cold that i can't play the piano .
my grandfather on my mother's side passed away ten years ago .
my uncle says he's about to embark on a new business venture .
nobody is going to tell tom and mary that they can't do that .
none of us want to go , but either you or your wife has to go .
not a day seems to pass without newspapers reporting the war .
now that you have finished your job , you are free to go home .
of all the possible reasons , he chose the least expected one .
on a first date , it's best to steer clear of touchy subjects .
on average , how many carbonated beverages do you drink daily ?
our mountains aren't really very high . yours are much bigger .
parents must look after the well-being of the their children .
people who go to bed early and get up early live a long time .
plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials .
please mail this letter on your next trip to the post office .
recently , they have not been giving her her paycheck on time .
rosa parks refused to give up her seat for a white passenger .
rumors of a wall street crash sparked a dollar selling spree .
scientists are fighting to stem the spread of the aids virus .
several parents in the room were bottle feeding their babies .
she advised him not to spend all his money on his girlfriend .
she exuded nothing but confidence going into the final round .
she got into hot water when her boyfriend called her at work .
she had a real talent for smoothing over troubled situations .
she has a real knack for getting people to do what she wants .
she looked for her children , but couldn't find them anywhere .
she perused a magazine while waiting for her date to show up .
she promised to meet him last night , but she never showed up .
she speaks hebrew with her mother and polish with her father .
she tossed me grapes and i tried to catch them with my mouth .
she visited the old man in the hospital every day but sunday .
since i had met him once before , i recognized him right away .
small businesses will have to tighten their belts to survive .
some people look down on others because they have less money .
some people think that advertising is a form of brainwashing .
something must be done immediately to deal with this problem .
steel production will increase 2% this month from last month .
teachers should never make fun of students who make mistakes .
that's strange . i could have sworn that i'd locked this door .
the african elephant has bigger ears than the asian elephant .
the british had military bases along new york's hudson river .
the british people turned to a new leader , winston churchill .
the angry mob overturned cars and smashed storefront windows .
the blue of her eyes stands out against her rather dark skin .
the boy was absent from school yesterday because he was sick .
the child was told to apologize for being rude to the guests .
the class was too big so we split up into two smaller groups .
the company invited their prospective customers to the party .
the crocodile trapped the gnu as it tried to cross the river .
the development of the computer industry has been very rapid .
the doctor advised me to take up some sport to stay in shape .
the dog bared its fangs and growled as i approached the gate .
the exchange rate of the dollar versus the euro has declined .
the farmer caught the boy stealing the apples in his orchard .
the flight attendant gave each passenger a drink and a snack .
the flimsy stalls in this restroom offer very little privacy .
the foreman docked me an hour's pay for getting to work late .
the gardener planted a rose tree in the middle of the garden .
the gust of wind ripped a large number of tiles off the roof .
the higher he rose in social rank , the more modest he became .
the house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived .
the lovers fell into each other's arms every chance they got .
the man did not so much as apologize for stepping on my foot .
the most incredible thing about miracles is that they happen .
the mystery surrounding his death was played up by the media .
the next day , at suppertime , i was introduced to her husband .
the old church on the hill dates back to the twelfth century .
the old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket .
the old man spent most of his time looking back on his youth .
the only one who enjoys a crowded subway car is a pickpocket .
the only time my son talks to me is when he needs some money .
the person reading a book on the bench under the tree is tom .
the person who donated this money wishes to remain anonymous .
the physics laboratory has the best apparatus i've ever seen .
the police dog found trace amounts of cocaine in his luggage .
the president is expected to put forward a new energy policy .
the privacy rules we used to follow just don't apply anymore .
the readers cannot ascertain whether the news is true or not .
the results of a lie detector test are inadmissible in court .
the rights of the individual are important in a free society .
the room was so dark that we had to feel our way to the door .
the severely injured man was dead on arrival at the hospital .
the sooner we get there , the more likely are we to get seats .
the story of a great flood is very common in world mythology .
the tall guy smoking a cigar over there is a famous director .
the teacher has given tom permission to do whatever he wants .
the war has taken a terrible toll on the civilian population .
the well-known poet attempted to commit suicide in his study .
their communication may be much more complex than we thought .
there are shuttle buses that stop at several hotels in tokyo .
there is considerable optimism that the economy will improve .
there is no sense in your worrying about your health so much .
there was a traffic accident in front of the house yesterday .
there were many things that we simply didn't have time to do .
there's a subtle difference in meaning between the two words .
they built their empire in peru about five hundred years ago .
they fine you in singapore if you throw trash in the streets .
they say they can't compete with low-priced foreign products .
they wanted to oust the communist government of fidel castro .
they wanted to win the war quickly and return to normal life .
they worked each day from the time the sun rose until it set .
this airplane is capable of carrying 40 passengers at a time .
this company uses cheap labor to increase its profit margins .
this evening we can meet in the cocktail lounge of the hotel .
this ring is a magic item that gives great power to its user .
this year's fashions are completely different to last year's .
those who work hard find unexpected opportunities to succeed .
tom and mary bought their granddaughter a bike for christmas .
tom and mary helped their mother decorate the christmas tree .
tom can't play a high g on his trumpet , but he can play an f .
tom didn't really feel like going out drinking with the guys .
tom doesn't know whether mary will come by car or by bicycle .
tom doesn't think he'll be able to finish the job by himself .
tom expected to leave early in the morning , but he overslept .
tom fell off the ladder when he was cleaning out his gutters .
tom had to push his bicycle today because it had a flat tire .
tom is utterly obsessed with food . no wonder mary dumped him !
tom lived in his car for a while after he broke up with mary .
tom meets his girlfriend at this coffee shop every afternoon .
tom needed something to do to keep his mind off his problems .
tom says he might dye his goatee red and green for christmas .
tom says he's planning to go back to australia for christmas .
tom speaks to his father in french and his mother in english .
tom thanked mary for helping him decorate his christmas tree .
tom threw away all the old newspapers that were in the attic .
tom told mary she put up her christmas decorations too early .
tom wants desperately to believe that what mary said is true .
tom wants to know which of the books is the most interesting .
tom was angry with mary because she was in his parking space .
tom was drunk and obnoxious at the party and started a brawl .
tom was highly educated and spoke several languages fluently .
tom wasn't stupid enough to tell mary what he really thought .
tom wrote his phone number on a napkin and handed it to mary .
tom's house was struck by lightning and burned to the ground .
tom's wife doesn't like it when he smokes in the living room .
translating is not nearly as easy as many people might think .
unless it's something fairly impressive , i won't remember it .
unusually warm weather caused problems for the apple harvest .
we are sorry to say that we cannot give you that information .
we associate the name of darwin with the theory of evolution .
we could have our tea in the garden , were it a little warmer .
we danced to the music for hours until we were all exhausted .
we have ants in the kitchen . we need to call an exterminator .
we hired a company to get rid of the insects under our house .
we miss you and are really looking forward to you being here .
we must try to preserve the remains of ancient civilizations .
we need someone to keep an eye on our baby while we are away .
we predict that christmas sales will be better than expected .
we promised not to discuss it with anyone until the next day .
we took action immediately so that things wouldn't get worse .
we'd like to give this to you as a token of our appreciation .
we'll always have to be careful not to let this happen again .
we'll need to amend the contract so that we can pay you more .
we're not at home now . please leave a message after the beep .
we've been talking about this for hours . can we just drop it ?
what's a beautiful woman like you doing in a place like this ?
when we arrived at the stadium , the game had already started .
when you're good enough to join the team , we'll let you join .
whenever i lie down on my bed and read a book , i fall asleep .
with the t . v . on , how can you keep your mind on your studies ?
without a passport , leaving a country is out of the question .
without your help , we wouldn't be able to carry out our plan .
would i only work on weekends if i could ? of course , i would .
would you look after my children while i am away on vacation ?
written in easy english , this book is suitable for beginners .
you can tell what a person is like by looking at his friends .
you can't help tom tomorrow because you have to work all day .
you can't imagine what my life's been like since you've left .
you can't just come in here and start ordering people around .
you can't just not pay someone for work you hired them to do .
you can't learn a foreign language in just a couple of weeks .
you don't have to read the whole thing from beginning to end .
you should make sure of the facts before you write something .
you should spend a little time each day reviewing vocabulary .
you shouldn't always do what everyone else seems to be doing .
you're supposed to help your friends when they're in trouble .
your mother will repeat it to you as many times as necessary .
any good news in today's paper ? no , nothing in particular .
are you going to go to tom's concert ? i most certainly am .
did you find any dirt on him ? no , he's clean as a whistle .
how long does it take to get to vienna on foot ? he inquired .
i can't bear to be doing nothing ! you often hear people say .
tom was able to convince mary to help . how did he do that ?
was there anybody in the room ? no , there was nobody there .
what do you think of the election for mayor ? i don't know .
what if i miss the deadline ? i bet he will get mad at you !
when did you return ? i came back the day before yesterday .
will the project be completed on time ? i can guarantee it .
a gps device can pinpoint your location anywhere in the world .
a bat hunts food and eats at night , but sleeps during the day .
a doctor tried to remove the bullet from the president's head .
a mere glance is not enough for us to tell one from the other .
a trip to america was equivalent to a two-year salary for her .
after a little time off , i plan to go on another concert tour .
after the fire , the smell of smoke in the air lasted for days .
after they argued , they didn't speak to each other for a week .
all his hopes evaporated when he lost his only son in the war .
all you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity .
although he thought he was helping us , he was only in the way .
among the guests invited to the party were two foreign ladies .
are you absolutely sure you want to sell your father's guitar ?
are you going to buy that dress you were looking at yesterday ?
are you sure you don't want to live at home with your parents ?
as soon as i can afford it , i plan to travel around the world .
as soon as she got on the train , it pulled out of the station .
as we ate our meal , we talked about what we had done that day .
baseball is said to have been invented in cooperstown in 1839 .
before we begin , a number of preliminary remarks are in order .
before you go to visit him , you should make sure he's at home .
between you and me , tom's idea doesn't appeal to me very much .
burj khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world .
can we really learn to speak a foreign language like a native ?
cigarette butts are the biggest source of litter in the world .
could you please tell me again what school you graduated from ?
did she ever confide in you about the problems she was having ?
did you notice that tom wasn't wearing his wedding ring today ?
do you think that tom and mary are going to get back together ?
doctors have made great strides in their fight against cancer .
don't make fun of her . she just chugged three bottles of beer .
don't you know how dangerous it is to go swimming by yourself ?
don't you think it might be a bit too expensive for us to buy ?
even tom wouldn't be stupid enough to say something like that .
ever since she fell in the kitchen , she hasn't been all there .
excuse me , could you please take a photo of my friends and me ?
for christmas , i crocheted slippers for my family and friends .
get off at the next stop and take a bus headed to the airport .
good afternoon . you are our new neighbor , if i'm not mistaken ?
he always talks as though he were addressing a public meeting .
he did it , and what was more surprising , he did it by himself .
he does not seem to be able to catch on to what she is saying .
he entered the university after failing the examination twice .
he fainted with hunger and fatigue , but came to after a while .
he has a reputation for taking a long time to make a decision .
he is in danger of losing his position unless he works harder .
he is not much better , and there is a little hope of recovery .
he is the greatest scientist that the world has ever produced .
he just moved into an apartment he inherited from his parents .
he promised to help me , but at the last minute he let me down .
he stubbed out his cigar in the ashtray and stood up to leave .
he told me that whatever might happen , he was prepared for it .
he wanted to see his boss in tokyo before leaving for america .
he whittled the stick to a sharp point with his hunting knife .
he will leave for the station an hour before the train leaves .
he worked all night so that he could get the job done in time .
his autobiography was released today and was sold out by noon .
how about a cup of tea or something , if you aren't in a hurry ?
how long are you going to be seeing that loser of a boyfriend ?
how long are you going to keep giving me the silent treatment ?
how lucky we are to have had the opportunity to work with you !
how many women have you talked to since you got out of prison ?
how much longer do you think it'll be until it starts raining ?
how much time do you actually spend thinking about the future ?
i always have an eraser , a pencil and a pen in my pencil case .
i bought an english book , but the book was hard to understand .
i can get christmas day off , but i have work on christmas eve .
i can't deliver this until you tell me where to deliver it to .
i considered changing my job , but in the end i decided not to .
i could feel nothing but the knife as it plunged into my back .
i didn't have much time so i just skimmed through the article .
i didn't have to open the letter . i knew exactly what it said .
i don't care if the early bird gets the worm . i want to sleep .
i don't feel like working . how about going to a movie instead ?
i don't suppose you ever really get over the death of a child .
i don't understand why i need to go to your house at midnight .
i don't understand why you don't want to go to boston with us .
i don't want to rush you , but let's try to catch the next bus .
i had a few hours free , so i sat under a tree and read a book .
i had hardly gotten into bed when the telephone began to ring .
i haven't decided yet whether i'll go to college or get a job .
i heard that a south american camper was eaten by an anaconda .
i hope that japan will abide by article 9 of her constitution .
i just wanted to let you know that i'd be leaving early today .
i just wish i could figure out what to give tom for christmas .
i know it's going to be unpleasant to talk about the accident .
i know it's not what you suggested , but it was all i could do .
i know this isn't what you really wanted , but it's all i have .
i loved my ex-wife , but i just couldn't live with her anymore .
i may have met him somewhere before , but i can't recall where .
i need to get rid of a lot of things that i don't use anymore .
i never leave on vacation without first cleaning my apartment .
i really appreciate your offer to help me clean out my garage .
i regret to inform you that your application has been refused .
i should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it .
i sincerely hope that you will soon recover from your illness .
i started to learn english with the aim of becoming a teacher .
i think it's time for me to buy my daughter a decent computer .
i think we need to be very careful not to hurt tom's feelings .
i think you need to spend a little more time on your homework .
i thought it might be better to tell you now instead of later .
i thought it might be nice for us to spend some time together .
i thought you might like to know who's coming over for dinner .
i told tom that i wasn't interested in going fishing with him .
i understand what you're asking me to do , but i can't do that .
i understand what you're asking me to do , but i won't do that .
i was sitting next to a man who clearly had a lot on his mind .
i will make up for the lost time by studying as hard as i can .
i wish i could do more , but i don't know what else i could do .
i wonder whether tom will go to boston or chicago next summer .
i would rather go to the art museum than to the movie theater .
i'd been on my own all week and was starving for conversation .
i'd just like to thank all of you for what you've done for us .
i'd like to help , but i've got an important meeting to attend .
i'd like to treat you to lunch to thank you for all your help .
i'd love to be able to spend less time doing household chores .
i'm a vegetarian , so i'd rather not have meat , if that's okay .
i'm accustomed to sleeping in a room without air conditioning .
i'm looking forward to meeting you all after such a long time .
i'm sorry . i didn't hear you . i was focused on something else .
i'm still waiting for tom to pay me back the money i lent him .
i've been studying french for a long time , but i'm not fluent .
i've done the best i could to help you . the rest is up to you .
if i knew how to use a computer , maybe they would pay me more .
if i should be late getting home , please don't wait up for me .
if by some chance it rains , the garden party won't take place .
if he keeps threatening you , then you should go to the police .
if it hadn't been for the seatbelt , i wouldn't be alive today .
if two people have the same opinion , one of them is redundant .
if you do this for me , i'll never ask you to do anything else .
if you don't get a move on , you'll end up missing your flight .
if you have a fever , you should go to the hospital right away .
if you hit a patch of fog , slow down and put your blinkers on .
in a democracy , it is important that the press be independent .
in general , young people today are not interested in politics .
in our society , there are both honorable people and swindlers .
in the digital age , handwriting is slowly becoming a lost art .
in what country did you receive your immunizations as a child ?
is it the right place to sign up for foreign language courses ?
is the loch ness monster real or is it just an elaborate hoax ?
is your stomach pain dull , sharp , cramping , or something else ?
islam first reached china about the middle of the 7th century .
it is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer .
it is up to you to see to it that such a thing doesn't happen .
it looks like we're going to have a white christmas this year .
it might sound crazy , but i think i'm still in love with mary .
it took him a moment to realize where he was after he came to .
it took more than a month to get over my cold , but i'm ok now .
it used to be that a girl could only marry if she had a dowry .
it was a real challenge for us to go down the cliff on a rope .
it was not until yesterday that we noticed the animal missing .
it was only when i met him that i realized his true intention .
it was rather difficult for me to make out what he was saying .
it was the court's finding that the witness committed perjury .
it's about time somebody did something about this broken door .
it's better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes .
japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago .
just as the americans like baseball , the british like cricket .
just when i was about to phone her , a letter arrived from her .
language is the means by which people communicate with others .
let me stop you right there . we don't want to hear about that .
let's not forget to thank tom for everything he's done for us .
many ethnic groups traditionally give money as a wedding gift .
many foreign customs were introduced into japan after the war .
many people put too much personal information on social media .
mary is still as beautiful as she was when she was a teenager .
moses came down from the mountain bearing divine commandments .
most car accidents occur due to the inattention of the driver .
music and art can greatly contribute to the enjoyment of life .
my back hurts from sitting for hours in front of the computer .
my car , which broke down yesterday , has not been repaired yet .
my cousin isn't the kind of person who'd ever break a promise .
my favorite subjects in high school were geometry and history .
my heart skipped a beat when my wife told me she was pregnant .
my husband is an expert when it comes to cooking chinese food .
my sister has traced our family tree back to the 16th century .
nara is an old city worth visiting at least once in your life .
news of her death caused great concern throughout the country .
no matter how hard he tried , he could not get out of the maze .
no matter how sneaky you are , you can never surprise yourself .
no matter how you look at it , the odds are stacked against us .
no one in their right mind would walk in those woods at night .
nobody is allowed to leave the classroom until the bell rings .
now that you have finished your work , you are free to go home .
on a good day , you can see the coast of estonia from helsinki .
once upon a time , there lived a stingy old man in the village .
one thing i've always wanted to do is write a children's book .
one's success in life has little to do with one's inborn gift .
our city police have a new campaign targeting drunken driving .
our negotiations to lower export taxes suffered a big setback .
power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely .
reading is the kind of habit that once acquired is never lost .
relationships built on money will end when the money runs out .
remote forest clearings turn out to be great places for raves .
scientists are slowly piecing together the mechanism of aging .
she did not succeed , but after all that was her first attempt .
she doesn't have any friends or relatives to take care of her .
she finally mustered up the courage to ask him for more money .
she greets him every morning as he enters the school building .
she looked at a few dresses and picked the most expensive one .
she looked puzzled at the abrupt question posed by a reporter .
she repeated over and over that she was innocent of the crime .
she says she's not dating anyone now , but i don't believe her .
she seems reserved , but she's actually a strong-willed person .
she skimmed through the register to see if her name was in it .
she spends a majority of her time taking care of her children .
she took me under her wing and taught me everything she knows .
she was advised by him to go abroad while she was still young .
she's only going to tell you what she thinks you want to hear .
since he doesn't feel well today , he can't come to the office .
since we insulated the house we've saved a lot on heating oil .
six of us are going on an excursion to the beach this weekend .
some people don't go to a doctor because they can't afford to .
someone broke into my house and ran away with all of my money .
sometimes it's hard to be tactful and honest at the same time .
switzerland is a very beautiful country that is worth a visit .
take a sponge , some dish liquid and a towel , then get to work .
tell those people to back off so that the helicopter can land .
thanks to my mother's help , i was able to buy a mountain bike .
that dog tries to eat just about anything he lays his eyes on .
the cia runs a thorough background check on all new employees .
the baby sleeping in the baby carriage is as cute as an angel .
the bigger a city grows , the dirtier the air and water become .
the bomb was defused just minutes before it would've exploded .
the city is gaining popularity as a major tourist destination .
the cows were moving very slowly through the long green grass .
the doctor thought that the patient's pulse was a little fast .
the doors wouldn't open , so i had to get in through the trunk .
the entire sales staff has worked around the clock for a week .
the falling of the berlin wall was truly a momentous occasion .
the forest was so thick that one could hardly walk through it .
the initial symptoms of the disease are fever and sore throat .
the marauders laid waste to the town and surrounding villages .
the moment i walked into the room , i knew something was wrong .
the most important thing is the ability to think for yourself .
the most severe problem at present is that of over-population .
the noise was so loud that it was a nuisance to the neighbors .
the people protested against the low altitude flight training .
the poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved .
the poor talker sometimes surprises us by being a good writer .
the population of japan is much larger than that of australia .
the prime minister spoke about the financial crisis at length .
the problem is that our car will not be available on that day .
the secret of life is hanging around until you get used to it .
the show's about a new jersey mob boss who's in psychotherapy .
the train was delayed for two hours because of the heavy snow .
the wizard waved his magic wand and disappeared into thin air .
the world population grows by close to eight million per year .
there are signs of growing tensions between the two countries .
there have been a lot of complaints about the way tom behaves .
there is an urgent need for teachers with science backgrounds .
there is no end in sight to the u . s . trade deficit with japan .
there was a violent clash of opinions between the two leaders .
there was an old clunker parked just behind my new sports car .
there's a pyramid in mexico bigger than any of those in egypt .
there's been a lot of activity around the office this morning .
these days , the motives for marriage are not necessarily pure .
these events transpired while the senator was still in office .
these problems have arisen as the result of your carelessness .
they accused the president of not caring about the common man .
they began to import liquor illegally to sell for high prices .
they helped one another to make the school festival a success .
they knew they must fight together to defeat the common enemy .
they knocked on the door and said they had come to arrest him .
they said they would accept the committee's decision as final .
they were low enough in cost so many americans could buy them .
this is like putting an arsonist as head of a fire department .
this is the first time that i've eaten in an italian pizzeria .
this is the most comfortable chair i've sat on in a long time .
this medicine must not be placed within the reach of children .
this part of the museum is temporarily off-limits to visitors .
this plan is far from perfect , but it's the best plan we have .
this would've been your room if you'd decided to stay with us .
this year's good harvest will make up for last year's bad one .
three months before tom was to graduate from college , he died .
to the astonishment of the whole city , the mayor was arrested .
tom always yells at mary every time she does something stupid .
tom and mary just wanted to dance with each other all evening .
tom and mary wanted to spend the rest of their lives together .
tom asked mary some questions , but she refused to answer them .
tom can't say for sure how many times mary has been to boston .
tom couldn't come see us for christmas , so we went to see him .
tom didn't know who mary wanted to give the bottle of wine to .
tom didn't leave a suicide note , so the police suspect murder .
tom didn't want just any car . he wanted his grandfather's car .
tom doesn't know who mary wants to give the bottle of wine to .
tom had no other choice but to help mary clean out the garage .
tom has been living in boston since he graduated from college .
tom is going to get angry if you keep doing what you're doing .
tom never told me why he wasn't here the day before yesterday .
tom promised me that tonight he'd sing that new song he wrote .
tom put the plate of sandwiches on the table in front of mary .
tom said he wished that he hadn't tried to do that by himself .
tom says he doesn't know where mary bought her pearl necklace .
tom seems to be unable to interact normally with other people .
tom shaves every morning as soon as he gets out of the shower .
tom tried to talk to mary , but she didn't want to talk to him .
tom was afraid that they'd lock him up and throw away the key .
tom was right when he said that i wouldn't be able to do that .
tom wondered whether it would be hard to find a job in boston .
upon arriving home , he immediately set about preparing a meal .
we had to alter our plans because we didn't have enough money .
we have less than five minutes to evacuate the whole building .
we have to figure out when the best time to buy that stock is .
we have to figure out whether we have enough money to do that .
we need to let the paint dry before we can apply another coat .
we probably don't have enough time to finish doing that today .
we sang christmas songs in the car all the way to tom's house .
we should keep every school open and every teacher in his job .
we were living in osaka for ten years before we came to tokyo .
we'll go to any length to send our child to a good university .
we'll use the house as collateral so we can borrow some money .
what i want for christmas is for my family to be here with me .
what is at issue in this debate is the survival of our planet .
what is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden .
what kind of food do you and your family eat on christmas day ?
what kind of music did you listen to when you were a teenager ?
what makes you so sure tom was the one who stole your bicycle ?
what you make is small potatoes compared to the boss's salary .
when i got out of the car , i felt like i had been here before .
when i opened the door of the refrigerator , an apple fell out .
when i was a child , i used to go to the seashore every summer .
when i was in high school , i was the best student in my class .
when i was thirteen years old , i couldn't speak french at all .
when mary reached the bus stop , the last bus had already left .
when somebody runs a red light , they risk causing an accident .
when we started out , we didn't really know what we were doing .
when we were on the brink of starvation , they saved our lives .
while i understand what you're saying , i don't agree with you .
why do you laugh so hard at his jokes ? they're not even funny .
wouldn't you rather spend your time doing something you enjoy ?
you can't appreciate the poem until you've read it many times .
you may injure yourself if you don't follow safety procedures .
you should find a more constructive way of venting your anger .
you shouldn't say that kind of thing when children are around .
you told her that you had finished the work three days before .
you will be better off buying a new one than trying to fix it .
you'll get there in time , as long as you don't miss the train .
you're speaking too quietly for me to hear what you're saying .
you're the only person i know besides me who likes to do that .
you've got another four day's journey before you reach moscow .
now and then i think of divorcing him . you must be kidding !
a company that stifles innovation can't hope to grow very much .
a good book is the best of friends , the same today and forever .
a helicopter is able to take off and land straight up and down .
a man's worth lies not so much in what he has as in what he is .
a quarterly growth of 1 . 2% means an annual growth rate of 4 . 8% .
a recent survey shows that the number of smokers is decreasing .
a successful business is built on careful financial management .
a woman's wardrobe isn't complete without a little black dress .
all the words underlined in red should be checked for spelling .
although we don't have much money , i want to buy this painting .
anyone can produce salt from seawater with a simple experiment .
are you satisfied with the political situation in your country ?
as long as i know the money is safe , i will not worry about it .
as to your final grade , that depends on your final examination .
at 10 o'clock yesterday , there were hundreds of people outside .
at this beer hall , you can order beers up to one liter in size .
australia is one of the countries i want to visit before i die .
burglars broke into our apartment and stole my wife's fur coat .
can you tell the difference between an american and a canadian ?
carbon dating was performed on the sample to determine its age .
compared to last summer , we haven't had so much rain this year .
could you please tell me again how many times you've been here ?
culture is like jam , the less you have , the more you spread it .
declarations of variables are extremely important in c and c++ .
did you like your teachers when you were in junior high school ?
did you require any special assistance when you were in school ?
don't buy your car from that dealership . they'll rob you blind .
don't even think of asking me what i think about you right now .
don't lash out at me just because my brother treated you badly .
during the summer vacation , i made friends with many villagers .
english is a universal language and is used all over the world .
every successful writer has a drawer full of rejection letters .
everybody expected that the experiment would result in failure .
everybody in this world has to cope with a lot of difficulties .
everyone should choose at least one poem and learn it by heart .
for the time being , my sister is an assistant in a supermarket .
frankfurters were first sold in the united states in the 1860s .
free flow of information is the only safeguard against tyranny .
getting up at 6 a . m . was hard at first , but now i'm used to it .
go straight down this street and turn right at the third light .
going to the beach with you actually sounds pretty interesting .
gradually the true meaning of what he said began to dawn on me .
hackers are adept at getting around computer security measures .
have you decided where you're going to celebrate christmas eve ?
have you seen the dog ? he wandered off a couple of minutes ago .
he got up to see if he had turned off the light in the kitchen .
he is considered one of the greatest scientists in our country .
he keeps on phoning me , and i really don't want to talk to him .
he learned golf by watching others and following their example .
he put on sunglasses to protect his eyes from ultraviolet rays .
he still hasn't returned the book he borrowed from the library .
he told me that i looked pale and asked me what the matter was .
he was about to apologize when the man punched him in the face .
he'll be groggy for another few hours until the drug wears off .
her girlish complexion belied the fact that she was over forty .
hideo turned the steering wheel sharply to avoid the bicyclist .
his aunt's apple pie was delicious and he had a second helping .
how do you come up with such interesting plots for your novels ?
how do you think i can convince her to spend more time with me ?
how long does it take you to get here from your house by train ?
how long has it been since you gave up teaching at that school ?
how many minutes does it take to get to the jr station on foot ?
i am uncertain as to whether i am the right person for the job .
i ate something earlier this evening that didn't agree with me .
i can read chinese fairly well , but i can't write it very well .
i can't believe it's been more than a year since that happened .
i could not get anybody to go with me , and so i went by myself .
i didn't know how to do it , but i was willing to give it a try .
i didn't know why i wasn't supposed to go to that part of town .
i didn't want the baby to catch a cold , so i closed the window .
i didn't want to work late , but the boss told me that i had to .
i don't have enough money to pay for the operation that i need .
i don't know tom well enough to know whether i like him or not .
i don't know whether i'll be able to attend tomorrow's meeting .
i don't recommend eating in that restaurant . the food is awful .
i don't think this old car will make it to the top of the hill .
i drank some of the milk and kept the rest in the refrigerator .
i estimate the production costs to be 36 percent of the budget .
i found it difficult to make myself heard because of the noise .
i gave my permission for them to use my photo on their website .
i give up . no matter what i do , you never seem to be satisfied .
i got to the station only to find that the train had just left .
i had been studying music in boston before i returned to japan .
i had broken my glasses , so that i couldn't see the blackboard .
i had no other way of contacting you , so i came here in person .
i have a lot of old books . a couple of them are quite valuable .
i have no objection to paying a special fee if it is necessary .
i have the feeling that i've seen these shoes somewhere before .
i have to leave early today because i have to attend a funeral .
i hope they don't resort to violence to accomplish their goals .
i just found out that my boyfriend has been stepping out on me .
i just want to be able to visit my children whenever i want to .
i just want to get this thing over with as quickly as possible .
i just want you to know i won't be able to come to your picnic .
i know a woman whose first and last names are the same as mine .
i know we've had problems , but i think they've all been solved .
i like his new house , but i had not expected it to be so small .
i make it a rule to take a walk for half an hour every morning .
i must warn you that if you do this again you will be punished .
i put some cookies on the table and the kids ate them right up .
i recommend you consult a doctor about this as soon as you can .
i remember having a long discussion about that matter with tom .
i spent the whole evening reading the poetry of kenji miyazawa .
i still haven't decided whether i should go by car or by train .
i think it's time for me to admit that i never cared about you .
i think you and tom have more in common than you want to admit .
i thought about all the times we used to play together as kids .
i tried to open the door , but i couldn't because it was locked .
i went out of my way to visit my friend , but he wasn't at home .
i will have obtained a driver's license by the end of the year .
i'd like to get this translated into french . could you help me ?
i'm a professor , or rather an associate professor , to be exact .
i'm afraid i won't be able to make myself understood in french .
i'm getting sleepy . i should've gone to bed earlier last night .
i'm going through my closet to find clothes to give to charity .
i'm sorry , but could you move over a bit so i have room to sit ?
i'm trying to think of some ideas for this article i'm writing .
i've been trying to put a little money in the bank every month .
i've heard it said that you should never marry your first love .
if a burglar came into my room , i would throw something at him .
if anybody had asked me if i were married , i'd have said i was .
if he keeps drinking like that , he'll have to take a taxi home .
if it had not been for the storm , i would have arrived earlier .
if you add one hundred to one thousand , you get eleven hundred .
if you can see your breath when you exhale , you know it's cold .
if you change your hairstyle , you could look ten years younger .
if you get into difficulties , don't hesitate to ask for advice .
if you have pain in your chest , consult your doctor right away .
if you'd followed my advice , you wouldn't be in such a fix now .
if you're going to doubt everything , at least doubt your doubt .
if you're not part of the solution , you're part of the problem .
immediately after it caught fire , the chemical factory blew up .
in everyday life we have many obligations and responsibilities .
in the beginning , man was almost the same as the other animals .
in the early days of american history , blacks lived in slavery .
in theory it is possible , but in practice it is very difficult .
investigators are trying to pin down the cause of today's fire .
it cost me ten thousand yen to have my television set repaired .
it doesn't matter to me whether or not i make money doing this .
it doesn't matter what excuse he gives me , i can't forgive him .
it doesn't work so well because the batteries are running down .
it is better to have old second-hand diamonds than none at all .
it is better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes .
it is impossible for a growing child to keep still for an hour .
it makes no differencewho does that as long asit gets done .
it makes sense to pay off your credit card balance every month .
it never occurred to me that what i was doing might be illegal .
it rained so hard that we decided to visit him some other time .
it was determined that faulty wiring was the cause of the fire .
it's a shame we weren't able to get to know one another better .
it's difficult to help people who don't believe they need help .
it's difficult to teach people what they're unwilling to learn .
it's hard for me to understand french when it's spoken quickly .
it's just a matter of time before someone is injured or killed .
its principal exports are iron ore , rubber , diamonds , and gold .
judging from the sky , i'd say it's going to start raining soon .
just because something is possible doesn't make it a good idea .
ladies and gentlemen , i would like you to listen to my opinion .
making jewelry is a lot easier than it sounds like it would be .
many animals that lived thousands of years ago are now extinct .
maybe a few of them are good people , but the majority are scum .
maybe you should turn off the television and do something else .
men differ from other animals in that they can think and speak .
mixing with people at a party can be terrifying for shy people .
mothers should keep their children from playing in the streets .
my father would never allow me to go out with someone like you .
my friend ended up taking the rap for a crime he didn't commit .
my grandfather goes for walks on days when the weather is good .
my tight wad husband took me to mcdonald's for our anniversary .
my wife's hands are slightly smaller than the shop assistant's .
never ask a question if you aren't prepared to hear the answer .
new office buildings seem to be sprouting up all over the city .
not only does tom play the harmonica , he plays the guitar , too .
nothing is more valuable than time , but nothing is less valued .
nowadays more and more people prefer country life to city life .
on my way home from school yesterday , i was caught in a shower .
once you've formed a bad habit , you can't get rid of it easily .
one of his two daughters lives in tokyo , and the other in nara .
one thing i've always wanted to do is learn to fly an airplane .
only those who risk going too far will know how far one can go .
our price is considerably higher than the current market price .
people living in town don't know the pleasures of country life .
people will laugh at you if you do something as stupid as that .
please don't forget to turn off the light before you go to bed .
she altered her old clothes to make them look more fashionable .
she asked him where he lived , but he was too smart to tell her .
she became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense .
she doesn't talk much , but once she does speak she is eloquent .
she threw her hands up in horror when she saw what he had done .
since tom has been cycling every day , he's become much thinner .
since this is important , i'd like you to attend to it yourself .
six people applied for the job , but none of them were employed .
some people think the president spends too much time traveling .
sometimes the first symptom of cardiovascular disease is death .
stop beating around the bush and tell us what you really think .
ten minutes after they had passed nara , the car ran out of gas .
that doctor specializes in helping those with eating disorders .
that is one of the most difficult languages in the whole world .
the american ships were stopped and searched in british waters .
the gdp of china still pales in comparison with that of the us .
the aim of this game is to explode all the bombs on the screen .
the apples from the tree behind tom's house are very delicious .
the authorities are striving in vain to stabilize the currency .
the bird picked up the twig with its beak and flew to its nest .
the box was crushed during transport and the contents flew out .
the boy opened the window , although his mother told him not to .
the child was rushed to the hospital after swallowing a crayon .
the city center should be closed to all but pedestrian traffic .
the city is beautiful at night , but rather ugly during the day .
the drug must go through clinical trials before being approved .
the employees were intrigued by the odd behavior of their boss .
the government has taken measures to promote domestic industry .
the heat is on the administration to come up with a new policy .
the jury found that samsung had infringed upon apple's patents .
the landlord told him to leave because he hadn't paid his rent .
the last time i met tom and mary they didn't have any children .
the more foolish a child is , the cuter he seems to his parents .
the next time you go to the supermarket , buy some toilet paper .
the old lady was kind enough to show me the way to the station .
the pharyngeal part of the throat is behind the nose and mouth .
the plane's doors were already closed when tom got to the gate .
the police executed a search warrant on my brother's apartment .
the police found a dead body in an abandoned car near the park .
the police have made hundreds of drug busts across the country .
the police searched the house and seized 2 kilograms of heroin .
the police think the burglar entered through a basement window .
the reason i don't do it is because i don't feel like doing it .
the roads were very muddy since it had rained during the night .
the senator was censured by the congressional ethics committee .
the size of a man's laundry bill is no criterion of his income .
the sooner you start doing that , the sooner you'll be finished .
the talisman he's wearing is supposed to ward off evil spirits .
the third quarter gnp growth was 1% over the preceding quarter .
the tiles that fell from the roof broke into very small pieces .
the warrior is conscious of both his strength and his weakness .
there are three empty rooms . however , we can't use any of them .
there is nothing more refreshing than a cold beer on a hot day .
there is very little probability of an agreement being reached .
there were no customers in our bar after 10:00 p . m . that night .
there's a laundromat in the basement of our apartment building .
there's not a second that goes by that i don't think about you .
there's something happening here that i don't quite understand .
they argue that the distribution of wealth should be equitable .
they say that firefox is downloaded over 8 million times a day .
they thought it would be too expensive to build a factory here .
they're experiencing white water rafting on a class five river .
this road follows the shoreline for the next thirty kilometers .
those who've never tried sushi don't know what they're missing .
tom almost always falls asleep at night hugging his teddy bear .
tom asked mary to read him the letter she had gotten from john .
tom called mary last night and encouraged her to join the team .
tom didn't believe that mary had anything to do with the theft .
tom didn't know where mary wanted to spend her summer vacation .
tom didn't know who mary had decided to give her old guitar to .
tom didn't want people to think that he was flirting with mary .
tom doesn't know where mary wants to spend her summer vacation .
tom doesn't want to give up his dream of becoming an astronaut .
tom drank a lot last night and is a bit hung over this morning .
tom found out later that the woman he met in the park was mary .
tom has been eating at that restaurant since he was a teenager .
tom has finished reading the book that mary gave him yesterday .
tom has only been pretending that he doesn't understand french .
tom is the kind of person who always has to have the last word .
tom knew that he wouldn't be able to finish the report by 2:30 .
tom lay awake for a long time thinking about what he should do .
tom named his boat after his girlfriend , but then she left him .
tom said that he thought that he might be permitted to do that .
tom says he'll pay back all the money he owes me before monday .
tom spent all the money he had to buy mary a christmas present .
tom spent the whole morning getting ready for his presentation .
tom told me he thought that mary would be home on october 20th .
tom took his clothes off and put them into the washing machine .
tom went to a nearby convenience store to buy something to eat .
tom woke the children up and told them to get ready for school .
tom's yearly salary has been the same for the past three years .
unless there is a miracle , we won't be able to make it on time .
water is leaking into my goggles . i don't think they fit right .
we can't add days to our life , but we can add life to our days .
we have to figure out a way to get this job finished by monday .
we look forward to working more closely with you in the future .
we should keep this information under wraps for the time being .
we should weigh the options carefully before making a decision .
we were unable to make contact with them until it was too late .
we were wakened by the whistle of the steam locomotive at dawn .
we weren't able to buy tickets , so we didn't go to the concert .
we wouldn't be in this mess if you'd just done what i told you .
we're interested in observing the customs of different regions .
we've spent every christmas for the last thirty years together .
were your eyelids stuck together when you woke up this morning ?
what you are doing is now far more dangerous than what tom did .
what's your favorite kind of movie to watch with your children ?
when i hear that song , i think about the place where i grew up .
when i opened the refrigerator , i noticed the meat had spoiled .
when you think about it that doesn't make a whole lot of sense .
when you're done with the book , put it back where you found it .
who knows , maybe christmas in boston won't be so bad after all .
why did you ask tom to do that when you knew he couldn't do it ?
why did you tear the cloth instead of cutting it with scissors ?
why does it take them so long to set up my internet connection ?
you can be both kind and firm . one does not preclude the other .
you can go there , but you'll need to be careful the whole time .
you can't achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd .
you can't separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in .
you can't turn the heat off as long as the system is operating .
you don't have to speak so loudly . i can hear you very clearly .
you don't know what it's like to lose all your family in a war .
you had better go to the dentist to have that tooth pulled out .
you should know better than to spend all your money on clothes .
you should never make big life decisions when you're emotional .
you'll find that book in the historical section of the library .
you're probably too young to understand why we have to do this .
you're the only person i know who regularly gets my name wrong .
i have to stop you from doing that . stop me from doing what ?
i hear tom and mary are getting a divorce . that's the rumor .
i would love to go to the dance with you . really ? you would ?
is it ok to eat this mushroom ? it's ok to eat anything once .
perhaps you'd like me to play a song for you . i'd like that .
why are you going to japan ? to attend a conference in tokyo .
will you have some more coffee ? no , thanks . i've had enough .
a couple of flights were delayed on account of a minor accident .
a dog jumped onto the chair and lay motionless for five minutes .
a fat white cat sat on a wall and watched them with sleepy eyes .
a picture of the fugitive was plastered all over the newspapers .
a spell of fine weather enabled us to get the harvest in safely .
a very unfortunate case came to our attention several years ago .
a watered down compromise resolution is better than none at all .
after ten years as business partners , they decided to part ways .
after the fire , the smell of smoke remained in the air for days .
all the english teachers at my son's school are native speakers .
all this impulse buying is going to leave you saddled with debt .
anyway , i'm glad you were able to broach this difficult subject .
as i entered the bar , i heard a sad song playing on the jukebox .
at the edge of the forest , i met a tall man in a hunting outfit .
be sure to check in at least 45 minutes prior to departure time .
can you imagine what our life would be like without electricity ?
can you just tell me now , so i don't have to come back tomorrow ?
children depend on their parents for food , clothing and shelter .
do you have any idea how many people died when the titanic sunk ?
do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope ?
do you think parents should punish their children when they lie ?
does the applicant have suitable abilities to carry out the job ?
even a clock that is stopped shows the correct time twice a day .
even if it takes you three years , you must accomplish your goal .
even though he lives next door , he doesn't even say hello to us .
everybody in the building headed for the exits at the same time .
everybody is supposed to know the law , but few people really do .
everywhere you look you can see damage caused by the earthquake .
finding a solution that worked was a process of trial and error .
for the moment there's nothing in particular i need to be doing .
for the time being , i'm studying french at this language school .
frictions between japan and the u . s . are easing up for a change .
from an objective viewpoint , his argument was far from rational .
from the top of that tall building , you can easily see the city .
funding for this program was provided by the following sponsors .
given only thirty minutes , we couldn't answer all the questions .
had it not been for his aid , i could not have finished the work .
he enjoys his sleep and doesn't like to have it interfered with .
he kept badgering her until she told him what he wanted to know .
he left home early in the morning so he wouldn't miss the train .
he received a large sum of money in compensation for his injury .
he stood close to her and tried to protect her from the typhoon .
he submitted his resignation in protest of the company's policy .
he was paroled after having served eleven years of his sentence .
his father died , and to make matters worse , his mother fell ill .
his lackadaisical attitude to studying explains his poor grades .
i am working full-time at a bookshop until the end of september .
i can still remember the time when we went on a picnic together .
i can't believe how much things have changed since we were kids .
i can't count the number of times tom has complained about that .
i didn't know i was going to have to introduce the main speaker .
i didn't want to spend any more time cleaning the kitchen floor .
i don't know if i've ever told you , but you have beautiful eyes .
i don't remember exactly , but i suppose it was friday last week .
i don't think i can get you to understand how difficult that is .
i don't think that tom will be able to convince mary to do that .
i doubt it'll be very hard for you to get your driver's license .
i feel depressed because there are a lot of things i have to do .
i find that i get the best flavor by grinding fresh peppercorns .
i give you everything you ask for , but you never seem satisfied .
i give you two permission to do whatever you think is necessary .
i got lost and had a hard time finding my way back to the hotel .
i had to catch the first train this morning to get here in time .
i hadn't planned to do that , but i can if you really want me to .
i have every reason to believe that he is innocent of the crime .
i hear that there are people in japan who keep penguins as pets .
i hope my new stepfather sticks around longer than the last one .
i just want to make sure that his offer has no strings attached .
i just want to make sure you live up to your end of the bargain .
i just wanted to tell you that i'm really sorry for what i said .
i keep a good supply of stamps to save trips to the post office .
i know you're nervous , but rest assured , you won't feel a thing .
i like the new guy . he's not afraid to take on challenging work .
i never expected to find such a nice hotel in a place like this .
i ought to have enough money saved up to buy a car by christmas .
i quit my job and moved so i could start off with a clean slate .
i really appreciate the fact that you like me just the way i am .
i suppose it makes sense to go ahead and pay the bill right now .
i think tom went to the supermarket yesterday , but i'm not sure .
i think everyone looks back on their childhood with some regret .
i think it wouldn't be too hard to come up with a better system .
i think it's time for me to talk to the boss about this problem .
i think it's unlikely that i'll be able to pass my driving test .
i think you're the most beautiful woman in the whole wide world .
i thought tom would need help getting in and out of the bathtub .
i told tom that i was interested in buying one of his paintings .
i want each of you to tell me exactly what you did last weekend .
i want to go to australia once again before my passport expires .
i want to know how he manages to make such good use of his time .
i was beaten up by a gang of hoodlums on the way home from work .
i was lucky the train was late . otherwise , i would've missed it .
i wish i could've spent more time with my father before he died .
i wonder if you'd mind lending me your car for a couple of days .
i would advise you strongly to do what the boss asked you to do .
i would've told you before , but i didn't think you'd understand .
i'd like to talk to you about what happened at school yesterday .
i'd like you to help me if you have nothing in particular to do .
i'm glad you were able to be with your parents on christmas day .
i'm going shopping this afternoon . would you like to come along ?
i'm hoping that i can write two or three songs over the weekend .
i'm not going to sit here and listen to you complaining all day .
i'm not sure what's wrong . we should have heard from him by now .
i'm satisfied with everything and don't want to change anything .
i'm sorry for calling so late . i just wanted to hear your voice .
i'm sorry to be so late . the meeting completely slipped my mind .
i'm sure that you can find something to eat in the refrigerator .
i've been back for a week , but i'm still suffering from jet lag .
if i'd known that tom was in the hospital , i'd have visited him .
if anyone were to talk to me like that , i would call the police .
if it were not for the sun , there would be no life on the earth .
if it's all right with you , i'd like to stay for a while longer .
if onlyi'd known sooner , i could've done something about that .
if peace cannot be maintained with honor , it is no longer peace .
if they'd taken their doctors' advice , they might not have died .
if you can digest them , raw vegetables are good for your health .
if you go hiking in the desert , be sure to take plenty of water .
if you had been a little more patient , you could have succeeded .
if you look around , you'll see many people doing the same thing .
if you stand on this stool , you can reach the top of the closet .
if you testify against him , we can put him behind bars for good .
if you've been drinking , perhaps your spouse can drive you home .
if your shirt is tucked into your jeans , you should wear a belt .
in addition to being a famous physicist , he is a great novelist .
in the near future , space travel will no longer be just a dream .
is eating a clove of garlic every day beneficial to your health ?
is it possible to determine the diameter from the circumference ?
it is imperative that we find another way out of this situation .
it is impossible to prevent this situation from occurring again .
it is sometimes difficult to make yourself understood in public .
it looks like the party in power will win the upcoming election .
it will take me more than three hours to look over the document .
it would be better for both of us not to see each other anymore .
it's an intriguing theory , but i don't see how it can be tested .
it's foolish to think that smoking has little to do with cancer .
it's not that i am unsympathetic , but i am not able to help you .
it's the first time that anybody said something like that to me .
japanese children are group members even when they are sleeping .
japanese should not forget that america is a multiracial nation .
just stick around a few days and you'll come to love this place .
let's grab a quick lunch at that small coffeeshop near the park .
many people think that children spend too much time watching tv .
my son's short attention span is causing him problems at school .
next time i visit san francisco , i'd like to stay at that hotel .
no matter how hard i try , i can't do it any better than she can .
nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner .
nothing is more contemptible than respect that is based on fear .
now ten dollars buys less than five dollars did three years ago .
one store decided to pull the controversial cd from its shelves .
one thing i've always wanted to do is go camping with my family .
our company is planning to build a new chemical plant in russia .
our train had already pulled out when we arrived at the station .
people can turn to the law if they want to correct an injustice .
philosophers tend to have little contact with the outside world .
she advised him to take a rest , but he didn't follow her advice .
she availed herself of every opportunity to improve her english .
she employed a private detective to keep a watch on her husband .
she has the habit of clearing her throat whenever she's nervous .
she sent me a postcard that said she hates the smell of animals .
she sorted the washing before putting it in the washing machine .
she was asked to convince him to get his son to paint the house .
she wouldn't let up until i agreed to go to the movies with her .
she's been living for the last five years under an assumed name .
she's making money hand over fist with the business she started .
social unrest may come about as a result of this long recession .
some continue to work part time , while others do volunteer work .
some people believe they can become rich without having to work .
some young japanese people prefer being single to being married .
somebody tipped off the gang members to the police surveillance .
sometimes it's hard to resist the impulse to burst out laughing .
the japanese embassy has warned japanese citizens to be careful .
the accident left a long , deep gash in the side of the airplane .
the accident seemed to have something to do with the heavy snow .
the bridge between denmark and sweden is almost five miles long .
the car had two broad stripes painted on the hood and the trunk .
the classroom is full of teenagers . a couple of them are asleep .
the conflict between blacks and whites in the city became worse .
the customers had to wait outside in the rain for several hours .
the detective i hired called to tell me he has a promising lead .
the divorce was finalized this morning at the attorney's office .
the doctor monitored the patient's heartbeat and blood pressure .
the earthquake was the biggest one that we had ever experienced .
the food in my country is not very different from that of spain .
the government explicitly declared its intention to lower taxes .
the group put up posters to remind people that noise is harmful .
the high court decided to try the fugitive warlord in abstentia .
the job applicant did not meet the expectations of the employer .
the kindergarten children were walking hand in hand in the park .
the last time our family got together was three christmases ago .
the number of people suffering from heart disease has increased .
the nurse tied a rubber tube around my arm before he drew blood .
the older you are , the more difficult it is to learn a language .
the police are certain to get him in the end wherever he may go .
the police demanded that the criminal hand over the gun to them .
the reason for your failure is that you did not try hard enough .
the receptionist at the hotel was surly and not at all friendly .
the second the mailman comes , he rushes out to pick up his mail .
the staircase leading to the rooftop is narrow , steep , and dark .
the train arrived at the station thirty minutes behind schedule .
the value of the coins depended on the weight of the metal used .
the well being of the nation is the government's responsibility .
there is a fundamental difference between your opinion and mine .
there's a fire in the building . we have to evacuate immediately .
there's nothing like a glass of natural , freshly squeezed juice .
there's something about him that just doesn't sit right with me .
there's something about this translation that isn't quite right .
they have us out-gunned , but we'll have the element of surprise .
they will go to the woods to pick mushrooms , weather permitting .
this english novel is not easy enough for you to read in a week .
this book is for students whose native language is not japanese .
this increase in unemployment is a consequence of the recession .
this is by far the best novel that has been published this year .
this is one of the most influential novels of the past 30 years .
this new application claims to be user friendly . well , it isn't .
though the doctor did his best , the patient's recovery was slow .
tom advised mary not to believe everything she reads on the web .
tom always keeps a set of jumper cables in the trunk of his car .
tom always stays at school as late as the teachers allow him to .
tom and mary mailed wedding invitations to all of their friends .
tom didn't get off the airplane with the rest of the passengers .
tom didn't have the courage to admit that he had made a mistake .
tom didn't have time to watch the tv program he wanted to watch .
tom didn't tell his parents that he had gotten an f on the test .
tom doesn't know who mary has decided to give her old guitar to .
tom doesn't like people to know that he can't speak french well .
tom has already finished the book he started reading last night .
tom has decided to have the surgery that his doctor recommended .
tom has to learn japanese because he's going to japan next year .
tom hopes to inherit a lot of money when his mother passes away .
tom intends to play tennis every day during his summer vacation .
tom invited all his friends for a christmas dinner at his house .
tom is heating up a piece of yesterday's pizza in the microwave .
tom is married to a woman who's young enough to be his daughter .
tom lay awake for a long time wondering about what he should do .
tom says he didn't know mary wanted to go to australia with him .
tom thinks mary is in boston , but she's actually in chicago now .
tom wanted to ask a question , but he didn't want to seem stupid .
tom was about to kiss mary when her father walked into the room .
too much of what's happening in our country today is not normal .
violent clashes broke out between the protesters and the police .
we couldn't open the door because it was locked from the inside .
we criticized the photographer for not rescuing the child first .
we found a beautiful , blue lagoon on the far side of the island .
we have to nip this problem in the bud before it gets any worse .
we often took a walk along the seashore together in the morning .
we should just enjoy this and not worry about how much it costs .
we used emergency measures to revive the cardiac arrest patient .
we will ship the product immediately after receiving your order .
we're going to eat a lot tonight so i hope you're not on a diet .
we're not exactly friends , but we're not exactly enemies either .
what do you think is the best film that you have seen this year ?
what happens when an unstoppable force hits an unmovable object ?
what if you were able to buy the house you've always dreamed of ?
what kind of music do you like to listen to when you're driving ?
whatever happens , i'll stick to my principles to the bitter end .
when dad finds out what you've done , he's going to hit the roof .
when it comes to good quality wine , no country can rival france .
when my brother was young , i often used to take him to the park .
when they moved to the town , they found it easy to make friends .
when we entered the shack , we saw a half-eaten pie on the table .
when would you have time to come over and help me move my piano ?
when you hear hoofbeats behind you , don't expect to see a zebra .
while i was waiting for the bus , i witnessed a traffic accident .
while you are about it , please make a cup of coffee for me , too .
wimbledon has eighteen grass courts , including the center court .
yesterday my bicycle was stolen while i was doing some shopping .
yesterday , as i was walking along the street , i saw an accident .
you can go out , as long as you promise to be back by 11 o'clock .
you can listen to audio files by native speakers on our website .
you can't blame her for not knowing what she hasn't been taught .
you have the right to free speech , but not the right to slander .
you have to acquire real skills , not just superficial knowledge .
you might as well throw your money away as spend it on gambling .
you must've been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place .
you need to have exact change to pay the toll of the expressway .
you should always wear a seat belt when you are riding in a car .
you should bone up on your french before your trip to marseille .
you'll never know whether you can do it or not if you don't try .
do you like sports ? yes , i like baseball , among other things .
give me something to write with . will this ball-point pen do ?
i think we should clean the carburetor . i already tried that .
we haven't seen each other since 2009 . has it been that long ?
will you be at my party tomorrow night ? i'll try to be there .
a bystander videotaped the police beating using their cell phone .
a caravan of fifty camels slowly made its way through the desert .
a leading specialist was brought in to authenticate the painting .
a lot of back problems can be attributed to poor sitting posture .
a person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read .
a teacher should never make fun of a student who makes a mistake .
at the end of a working day , everybody is in a hurry to get home .
before you can love others , you need to be able to love yourself .
british and japanese cars have steering wheels on the right side .
by signing a contract , you agree to certain terms and conditions .
can you spare me a few minutes ? i'd like to have a word with you .
can you tell me anything about what's going to happen here today ?
car production in that year reached a record 10 million vehicles .
cesar chavez was born on a small farm near yuma , arizona in 1927 .
childhood is one of the most important stages in a person's life .
choose a password that's easy to remember but difficult to guess .
communicating more to the point and directly would help everyone .
could you just please answer the question ? we don't have all day .
could you please tell me how tall you are and how much you weigh ?
could you wake me tomorrow morning at a quarter to seven , please ?
daddy , i can't walk any more . could you give me a piggyback ride ?
does she come from the agency that sent the last temporary i had ?
don't kid yourself . you couldn't afford to buy a house like this .
electric power companies are seeking to reduce their use of coal .
even though the accident was six months ago , my neck still hurts .
everybody makes mistakes . that's why they put erasers on pencils .
everyone was glued to the tv set as the election results came in .
everyone's laughing , but no one will explain to me what happened .
exports in january were up 20% over the same period of last year .
father has lost his job , and what's worse , mother has fallen ill .
father went to a lot of trouble to prepare dinner for our guests .
furthermore , i still don't think this a huge cultural difference .
get the money ready by evening or i'll come back with the police .
he clinched the election when he came out against a tax increase .
he loves a banquet , provided he is not expected to make a speech .
he tends to shy away from anything that involves public speaking .
he wanted to see a bullfight , but his father wouldn't let him go .
he was curious about how it would taste , so he took a small bite .
he was groomed from a young age to take over the family business .
he was unable to completely give up on his hopes of marrying her .
he who is not satisfied with a little , is satisfied with nothing .
he won't be able to escape from there without a miracle , will he ?
he worked day and night so that his family could live in comfort .
her composition is very good except for a few errors in spelling .
his name was on the tip of my tongue , but i couldn't remember it .
his official title is director-general of the environment agency .
how will we feed everyone if the world's population keeps rising ?
how would you reword this sentence to make it sound more natural ?
i am looking for a part-time job so i can buy a new video camera .
i ate some greek food at a nearby restaurant just a few days ago .
i came across an article in the newspaper about your new project .
i can pick out only two or three constellations in the night sky .
i cannot look at this picture without thinking of my dead mother .
i couldn't meet him at the station because my car ran out of gas .
i delayed telling him about his uncle's death as long as i could .
i didn't have enough money to buy everything you asked me to buy .
i don't believe a word of what people have been saying about her .
i don't feel like going to the movies . let's take a walk instead .
i don't get very many opportunities to talk with native speakers .
i don't know how you can tolerate doing this over and over again .
i don't think that you need that much money to buy what you need .
i don't want to do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you .
i don't yet know if tom will be going to boston on monday or not .
i explained to the host that i had been delayed by a traffic jam .
i feel a lot better now , but i know dad's going to be real upset .
i found this bottle when i was walking on the beach this morning .
i have better things to do than stand here and take your insults .
i just remembered something i have to do before tomorrow morning .
i know you're not going to come to my party , but i wish you were .
i may have told you such a thing , but i don't remember it at all .
i missed a step on the stairs and i'm afraid i sprained my ankle .
i need to make an urgent call . is there a public phone near here ?
i often told you to do your duty , but you would not listen to me .
i plan to throw all of this away . you may take whatever you like .
i ran across his telephone number in an old address book of mine .
i read in the newspaper recently that the crops really need rain .
i really wish i didn't have to go to that meeting this afternoon .
i shouldn't have put my laptop so close to the edge of the table .
i spent a great deal of time dealing with that problem last week .
i spoke to him in english , but i couldn't make myself understood .
i still need to use these things , so please don't take them away .
i still owe my brother the ten dollars that he lent me last week .
i think i've figured out where we need to install the fire alarm .
i think it's time for me to spend a little time with my children .
i think that actress is one of the most beautiful women on earth .
i think the police should enforce the laws that are on the books .
i think we may have something that you'd be interested in buying .
i think you should lie down . you look like you're about to faint .
i thought i was about to be captured so i ran as fast as i could .
i thought you wouldn't tell her that we hadn't done our homework .
i told her once and for all that i wouldn't go shopping with her .
i told her that if i could be of any use i would be glad to help .
i understand what you mean , but i'm not sure how to translate it .
i understand you're looking for a record album of nursery rhymes .
i used the spoon tom gave me last christmas to serve the pudding .
i want a written report in my hands first thing tomorrow morning .
i wanted to help tom understand what mary was trying to tell him .
i was able to catch the last train because i walked very quickly .
i would like to become a top model and travel all over the world .
i'd like to buy a present for my son . do you have any good ideas ?
i'd like to make a call to tokyo , japan . the number is 3202-5625 .
i'd really like to know why you didn't do what i asked you to do .
i'd suggest that you clean up a bit before your mother gets here .
i'll lend you any book that i have , as long as you keep it clean .
i'm fairly certain that tom and mary have both already done that .
i'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp .
i'm on a budget , so i don't eat out more than three times a week .
i'm pretty hungry since i haven't eaten since early this morning .
i'm pretty sure that i haven't done anything i didn't have to do .
i'm sorry for not being more supportive when you needed me to be .
i'm stuck in a rut in my boring job and need to do something new .
if i had eaten breakfast this morning , i would not be hungry now .
if i'd known what you were going to do , i'd've tried to stop you .
if john phones me , please tell him i'll be back by seven o'clock .
if a restaurant has valet parking it's probably pretty expensive .
if any harm comes to her , i will hold you personally responsible .
if only you'd thought of that before shooting your big mouth off .
if possible , i'd like to receive new information about this case .
if we don't get something to eat soon , we'll all starve to death .
if you didn't get enough sleep last night , you should take a nap .
if you don't keep the silverware polished , it'll lose its luster .
if you don't keep your promises , people won't take you seriously .
if you have an indoor swimming pool , you're probably pretty rich .
if you leave right now , you'll be in time for the plane for sure .
if you visit new york , you've just got to come and see our house .
if you would like to have further information , please contact me .
in 1967 , britain gave grenada autonomy over its internal affairs .
in britain , mince pies are traditionally eaten at christmas time .
in singapore , one way to punish a criminal is to whip him or her .
in case the shipment is delayed , we have special delay insurance .
in swimming pools , water is continuously pumped through a filter .
in those days , i made it a point to take a walk before breakfast .
is it ok if i ask you a few questions about your medical history ?
is it correct to say that the qur'an is the bible of the muslims ?
it didn't take the dogs much time to track down the wounded deer .
it is costly and politically difficult to continue this conflict .
it is the job that is never started that takes longest to finish .
it is useless to try to remember all the words in the dictionary .
it was an advantage having learned chinese while i was in school .
it was fortunate for her that her husband arrived at that moment .
it's amazing that he won the championship at the age of nineteen .
it's dangerous for you to cross the street when the light is red .
it's not always easy to tell the difference between good and bad .
it's not that i don't love you , i just don't want to get married .
it's too late to shut the stable door after the horse has bolted .
it's unfortunate that dogs and cats don't live as long as humans .
kyowa bank and saitama bank merged into asahi bank ten years ago .
life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans .
many countries have signed a treaty to eliminate nuclear weapons .
many firms are competing for the wealthier segment of the market .
maybe you don't know this , but nobody could ever take your place .
my father is oblivious to the emotional pain his abuse caused me .
my granddaughter just had a baby , so now i'm a great-grandfather .
my heart is pounding so hard it feels like it's going to explode .
my office is on the fourth floor of that gray six-story building .
my older sister was grounded for coming home too late last night .
never choose a vocation just because it promises social standing .
never in my wildest dreams did i ever think you'd go out with me .
oil has played an important part in the progress of civilization .
one of the fan blades broke loose and shattered against the wall .
one of the magazines is for boys , and the other one is for girls .
perhaps we should consider what would happen if we don't do this .
reducing the budget deficit is a major concern of the government .
science has discovered that there are five types of human beings .
she can't even speak her native language without making mistakes .
she didn't attend the meeting for fear of meeting her ex-husband .
she protested weakly , but ended up joining in with everyone else .
she wanted to have her hair cut , but her mother wouldn't let her .
she was superstitious , as the people of that period usually were .
since the note was written in french , it was easy for me to read .
smartphones would have seemed like science fiction ten years ago .
some of the roses in my garden are white , and the others are red .
some people say that it is human nature to root for the underdog .
sometimes i wonder whether or not there's a point to all of this .
sorry to bother you , but i'm afraid something urgent has come up .
steel production reached an estimated 100 million tons last year .
students generally like a teacher who understands their problems .
such a person invariably expends his physical energy more slowly .
the ceo is trying to quash these unfounded rumors about a merger .
the amount of time you spend practicing the trumpet is up to you .
the blockade by britain and the other allies was very successful .
the door won't open . there must be something wrong with the lock .
the exchange rates are posted daily outside the cashier's office .
the film had a great beginning , but the ending wasn't believable .
the first thing you'll usually want to do is check the oil level .
the frail old man stubbornly refused to make use of a wheelchair .
the government appointed a committee to investigate the accident .
the government isn't doing its best to solve the housing problem .
the government was obliged to make changes in its foreign policy .
the investment advice we used to give just doesn't apply anymore .
the juggler wowed the crowd by keeping ten oranges up in the air .
the kinds of storms we get here normally don't cause much damage .
the last time i ate at that restaurant the food wasn't very good .
the laundry that i hung up was on the clothesline for three days .
the leaves of the trees in the garden have turned completely red .
the map says we're no more than two kilometers from the treasure .
the meeting started with some general chit-chat to break the ice .
the number of people suffering from heart disease is on the rise .
the only golden rule is that he who has the gold makes the rules .
the only thing that matters is whether or not you can do the job .
the police followed up all their leads , but came up empty handed .
the police kept looking for a stolen article for about one month .
the reason i came to boston is to meet the woman i hope to marry .
the staircase to the loft doesn't have a handrail . it's not safe .
the strange object in the sky could be seen with the unaided eye .
the thief cut the telephone lines before breaking into the house .
the treasure is believed to lie hidden somewhere in the mountain .
there are more cars on the road in the summer than in the winter .
there are not enough doctors to give proper care to the children .
there are some people who sleep in the daytime and work at night .
there was so much stuff on his desk that he had nowhere to write .
they attributed his bad manners to lack of training in childhood .
they had to change their schedule because the train arrived late .
things change from time to time , and one should change with them .
this book will give you a clear idea of the american way of life .
this company has been in the cross hairs of regulators for years .
this is like fighting someone with one arm tied behind your back .
this letter is personal , and i don't want anyone else to read it .
this problem is too difficult for grade school children to solve .
this will be a good souvenir of my trip around the united states .
through genetic engineering , corn can produce its own pesticides .
tom accidentally shot himself in the foot while cleaning his gun .
tom always checks to verify that no dyes are in any food he buys .
tom and i love each other and that's the only thing that matters .
tom and i've decided not to go to boston for christmas this year .
tom and mary have a cute little christmas tree inside their home .
tom doesn't have a cat . however , tom does have a dog , doesn't he ?
tom eats lunch at the school cafeteria two or three times a week .
tom hopes he doesn't have to live in boston for more than a year .
tom is throwing a surprise birthday party for mary next saturday .
tom knew there was something in the box , but he didn't know what .
tom lives on a farm with his wife , mary , not too far from boston .
tom probably shouldn't have bought such an expensive bass guitar .
tom should have been eating more vegetables and not as much meat .
tom showed me the poems that he'd written when he was a teenager .
tom tried to look through the keyhole , but couldn't see anything .
tom wants to buy a bass guitar , but he doesn't have enough money .
tom was much taller than i was when we were in elementary school .
tom was really glad to hear that mary was going to help him move .
tom went down into the cellar and returned with a bottle of wine .
tom went to his room , changed into his pajamas , and got into bed .
tom won't sell his cello , even though he desperately needs money .
tom wouldn't mind eating meat and potatoes every day of the week .
tom's impeccable manners made a big impression on mary's parents .
we can continue playing , as long as we don't make too much noise .
we cannot reimburse you without proof that you made the purchase .
we got stuck in a traffic jam , which made us twenty minutes late .
we shall continue our efforts to eradicate racial discrimination .
we think a disgruntled employee was the one who planted the bomb .
we try to explain things across cultures; in spite of boundaries .
we've set our thermostat lower to save money on our heating bill .
what we know of health we have learned from the study of disease .
what'll you do if you can't find enough food to feed your family ?
what's the name of that fat girl you used to date in high school ?
when i arrived at the station , the train was just about to leave .
when i didn't know how to answer the question , he gave me a hint .
when i got out of jail , i wanted to patch things up with my wife .
when i have migraines , aspirin doesn't alleviate the pain for me .
when i was a child , i would spend hours reading alone in my room .
when i was a child , my mother made me eat everything on my plate .
when i was a child , my mother would often read fairy tales to me .
when she was in los angeles , she had at least six different jobs .
when was the last time that you did something for the first time ?
when was the last time you had to deal with this kind of problem ?
when we are told not to come , we become all the more eager to go .
when you shake hands with somebody , you must look him in the eye .
whenever i get on the subway , i put my wallet in my front pocket .
why are you worrying about something that doesn't matter so much ?
with christmas just around the corner , i should do some shopping .
you always said you wanted to become a scientist . why didn't you ?
you can adjust the seat height by moving the adjustment lever up .
you can do anything you want , depending on what floats your boat .
you can download audio files by native speakers from our website .
you didn't come into the office yesterday and i want to know why .
you might as well read a novel instead of staring at the ceiling .
you need to put some ice on your ankle to keep the swelling down .
you should take the appropriate measures at the appropriate time .
you've got a lot of nerve bringing me here under false pretenses .
your assumption that his death was an accident seems to be wrong .
did they get the law passed ? yes , they finally put it through .
how far is it from here to the station ? it is about two miles .
i don't have time to spend with my kids . you should make time .
a flush is a poker hand where all five cards are of the same suit .
a fund was set up with a view to preserving our endangered planet .
a vigilante bypasses the law and takes matters into his own hands .
after a few minutes , i began to lose interest in the conversation .
after being in a coma for three weeks , tom regained consciousness .
after getting through customs , i was free to go wherever i wanted .
after the summer holidays , the children have to go back to school .
after using the knife , please be sure to put it back where it was .
all eyes were glued on the tv set as the election results came in .
although i grew up on a farm , i don't know much about agriculture .
an understanding of people is the greatest weapon you can possess .
ants can lift things that are more than 50 times their own weight .
as a rule , he arrives at the office about eight-thirty in morning .
as soon as i can figure out how to send money , i'll send you some .
at the best hotels , there is always someone at your beck and call .
can you tell me how you found out that tom wasn't at school today ?
can't you ever be punctual ? i have been waiting here for one hour .
cars built nowadays are different from the ones built in the 70's .
cotton mittens will prevent the baby from scratching his own face .
do you really think tom is the only one here who can speak french ?
do you think my cat and your pet rat will get along well together ?
do you think you can manage to keep things going until i get back ?
doing something only half-heartedly is the worst thing you can do .
don't sound so surprised . you know i can do whatever i want to do .
don't you think your french is good enough to explain the problem ?
electronic components can be cleaned using pure isopropyl alcohol .
even nudists often use euphemisms when referring to naughty parts .
even though i had eaten a lot for breakfast , i was already hungry .
even though there were many cookies on the dish , i only ate three .
eventually the salesman persuaded me to buy the expensive machine .
flags of the world fly proudly at the united nations headquarters .
for a while , i was really addicted to cola and drank it every day .
fortunately , common sense prevailed and the strike was called off .
fortunately , the weather was good and we were able to eat outside .
from my point of view , it would be better to wait a little longer .
gas cookers consume half the amount of energy as electric cookers .
governments should not be in the business of legislating morality .
great news ! my dad was finally discharged from the hospital today .
has it occurred to you that you might be the one with the problem ?
have you ever heard of the story of the little boy who cried wolf ?
he blamed his teacher for his failure in the entrance examination .
he can't swim at all , but when it comes to skiing , he is the best .
he didn't divulge the information , not even under pain of torture .
he frequently jumps from one topic to another while he is talking .
he goes to bed early but it takes him a long time to get to sleep .
he got down on his knees and prayed for the souls of the deceased .
he hasn't been doing anything since he graduated from high school .
he must have been sleeping because he didn't answer the telephone .
he never visits us without bringing some presents for my children .
he said he was hungry , and then he added that he was also thirsty .
he said , i will say nothing more , because i hate making excuses .
he seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me .
he was an excellent scientist , and what is more , was a great poet .
he'll be back in two hours . in the meantime , let's prepare dinner .
hot weather will continue , so please watch out for food poisoning .
human beings differ from animals in that they can think and speak .
i always watch the weather report before going out in the morning .
i am impressed by your recent advertisement in the new york times .
i bet we've all asked ourselves that same question more than once .
i can't believe you're eating what the doctor told you not to eat .
i can't come up with a good excuse for being late for the dentist .
i can't find my glasses . i may have left them behind in the train .
i can't tell you how much i've been looking forward to your visit .
i consider spaghetti to be one of the greatest foods in the world .
i didn't realize that the cost of living was so high in australia .
i don't think i'll have enough time to do everything i want to do .
i drank a lot and can't remember much of what happened last night .
i guess it doesn't make any difference which swimming club i join .
i had to go to my office by bus because my car had engine trouble .
i had to resign because i just didn't get along with the new boss .
i have been on friendly terms with him for more than twenty years .
i know that it is highly unlikely that we'll see any whales today .
i lay in bed thinking about everything that had happened that day .
i missed going out with her and eating at our favorite restaurant .
i never look at this picture without thinking of those happy days .
i never use my camera anymore . i just take pictures with my phone .
i realize that you guys wouldn't be here if you didn't have to be .
i refuse to believe that we can't do anything about the situation .
i still listen to the same music that i listened to as a teenager .
i think it's highly unlikely that tom will take mary to the party .
i thought about writing you a message , but never got around to it .
i thought if i broke up with you , i'd never have to see you again .
i thought you might need some help getting ready for your wedding .
i told you before that i'm not interested in hanging out with you .
i usually take a shower after i play tennis , but today i couldn't .
i wagered him a dollar that i'd sell more magazines than he would .
i want to learn to speak hawaiian , so i can impress my girlfriend .
i want you to finish your homework before you start playing games .
i was deceived by a person who i had thought was a friend of mine .
i wonder when they'll come out with a cell phone in a wrist watch .
i wouldn't have sung that song if i'd known it would make tom cry .
i'd love to be able to find more time that i could spend relaxing .
i'll be back in thirty minutes so i'll be in time for the concert .
i'm beginning to think that i shouldn't have enlisted in the army .
i'm glad that they fixed the heating system , but now it's too hot .
i'm here to stop you from making the biggest mistake of your life .
i'm not saying that we can't win . i'm just saying it's not likely .
i'm usually in pretty good shape , but now i'm a little overweight .
i've been studying french for a long time , but i'm not yet fluent .
i've been trying to find out who was responsible for the accident .
i've just renewed my passport , so it's good for another ten years .
if god had meant for us to be naked , we'd have been born that way .
if the lion is the king of beasts , the eagle is the king of birds .
if you don't have anything nice to say , don't say anything at all .
if you had stuck around , you'd have met the girl i've been seeing .
if you look carefully , you'll see that the box has a false bottom .
if you read between the lines , this letter is a request for money .
if you want to become a good writer , you need to practice writing .
if you were able to go camping with us , i think we'd all have fun .
if you would talk less and listen more , you might learn something .
if you're going to start a new business , you need a business plan .
in fact , gorillas have many of the same feelings that people have .
in the cemetery , there is a statue of a snake biting its own tail .
in these two or three years , he acquired a large amount of wealth .
it goes without saying that nothing is more important than health .
it is just like her to think of others before thinking of herself .
it looks like the data you lost on your computer is irretrievable .
it seems like i'm the only one here who knows how to speak french .
it seems that the only time he isn't eating is when he's sleeping .
it will not make much difference whether you go today or tomorrow .
it will take her at least two years to be qualified for that post .
it's one thing to make plans , but quite another to carry them out .
it's surprising that you haven't heard anything about her wedding .
judging from the look on his face , it seems that he has succeeded .
just as i was getting the hang of things , they changed the system .
just because tom said he didn't have a key doesn't mean it's true .
keep a box of baking soda in the fridge to keep it smelling clean .
let's not forget we never could have done this without tom's help .
many children learn to use a computer even before entering school .
many health specialists say that you should eat three meals a day .
mary claimed that the handbag had been a present from her husband .
more and more people are becoming aware of the dangers of smoking .
my tv set is almost 15 years old , but it still has a good picture .
my car broke down this morning and won't be repaired until friday .
my job search is really going rough . i don't have any connections .
never put off until tomorrow what you can put off until next week .
no matter how hard i tried , i couldn't remember that song's title .
no matter how often i tell her , she keeps making the same mistake .
no one has come forward to claim responsibility for what happened .
not a day goes by without our hearing of an environmental problem .
nothing is more pleasant than to take a walk on a fine spring day .
on the plate was a piece of chicken , a potato and some green peas .
one of my neighbors called and said i left one of my windows open .
our project didn't get off the ground until he joined the company .
papa made sure all the lights were turned off before going to bed .
parents must provide their children with proper food and clothing .
recently , i've been thinking about what i want to do with my life .
recently , many people are finding it hard to make a decent living .
she advised him to give up smoking , but he wouldn't listen to her .
she advised him to go to the police station , but he was afraid to .
she asked him to read it for her because she had lost her glasses .
she blames me for the fact that our married life isn't going well .
she came up with a good way of making money by using the internet .
she was so preoccupied that she was oblivious of her surroundings .
some of the company's executives are out of town for a conference .
steel production is estimated to reach 100 million tons this year .
take it easy . i can assure you that everything will turn out fine .
that country has a trade surplus . it exports more than it imports .
that doctor's experiments have blazed the way for new discoveries .
the argument is rigorous and coherent but ultimately unconvincing .
the article on buddhism revived my interest in oriental religions .
the boy gathered a handful of peanuts and put them in a small box .
the campers were hard up for water because their well had run dry .
the combination of these factors has led to an interesting result .
the company presented him with a gold watch on the day he retired .
the contestants are gearing up for the final round of competition .
the dolphin and trainer communicated much better than we expected .
the fate of the hostages depends on the result of the negotiation .
the firemen's face was grim when he came out of the burning house .
the government is expelling illegal aliens as part of a crackdown .
the government watched the activities of radical groups carefully .
the international space station is an amazing feat of engineering .
the investment firm tricked customers into buying worthless stock .
the man put the gun against his forehead and squeezed the trigger .
the man was obsessed with fear that the secret might be disclosed .
the month before christmas is a very busy time of year for stores .
the mountains in the himalayas are higher than those in the andes .
the new birth policy is aimed at achieving zero population growth .
the new model is expected to be put on the market early next year .
the only thing that really scares me is the thought of losing you .
the only time he feeds the dog is when his wife is away on a trip .
the opening in this sweater is small and my head won't go through .
the physicist was aware of the potential danger of nuclear fusion .
the plane was delayed for two hours on account of the bad weather .
the poor old man became so thin that now he's just skin and bones .
the prime minister hinted at the possibility of an early election .
the princess kissed the frog and he turned into a handsome prince .
the purpose of my visit is to persuade you to take a trip with me .
the returning soldiers were commended for their bravery in battle .
the ship was searched thoroughly , but no illegal drugs were found .
the surgeon persuaded me to undergo an organ transplant operation .
the value of a good education can't be measured in terms of money .
the worst thing you can do is to only do something half seriously .
there are wavelengths of light that the human eye cannot perceive .
there is always the risk of losing all the data on your hard disk .
there is no knowing when a severe earthquake will happen in tokyo .
there was a modern-looking coffee table in the center of the room .
there were twice as many university applicants in 1992 as in 1982 .
there's a restaurant pretty close to here , but it's not very good .
there's a rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy .
they aren't the kind of people you should want to be friends with .
they asked me for my name , my address , and the purpose of my trip .
they have lost 10 games in a row since their winning streak ended .
they hung streamers from the ceiling in preparation for the party .
they looked at the photo taken of me when i was a boy and laughed .
they walked with him to an old wooden building near the farmhouse .
this necklace is so beautiful that i'd like to buy it for my wife .
this photo is the only one in which the entire family can be seen .
this policy is sure to go a long way towards stimulating business .
this ticket is valid for two days only after the date of purchase .
to be successful , you need to look like you're already successful .
to tell the truth , i drove my father's car without his permission .
tom and mary are talking about what they'll do on valentine's day .
tom anonymously donated a million dollars to his favorite charity .
tom couldn't help but notice all the beautiful women on the beach .
tom didn't come to school today because he had to go to a funeral .
tom didn't want to live in the cave anymore , but he had no choice .
tom doesn't care about protecting his personal information online .
tom entered the restaurant where he eats about three times a week .
tom helped mary get into to the car and drove her to the hospital .
tom helped the teacher decorate the classroom for valentine's day .
tom knew the truth , but he didn't let anyone know that he knew it .
tom promised his mother he'd help her decorate the christmas tree .
tom said he didn't think mary wanted to be on the basketball team .
tom said that mary wasn't the only one who didn't need to do that .
tom said that he wanted to go visit santa claus at the north pole .
tom says that he's planning to go back to australia for christmas .
tom thinks he's the only person in town who can play the bagpipes .
tom was wearing a bulletproof vest , so the bullet didn't kill him .
tom was wondering how he was supposed to get around without a car .
until you admit that you were wrong , i'm not going to talk to you .
we found it very hard going back to our base camp in the blizzard .
we need to work together to find a solution to our mutual problem .
we will have to consider each application on a case-by-case basis .
we'll all be hungry , so be sure to bring enough food for everyone .
we're counting on you to wake us up in time , so don't fall asleep .
we've had a lot of complaints about how you treat your classmates .
what do you think is the best way to get to tom's house from here ?
what does it feel like to always have people following you around ?
what kind of sports we play depends on the weather and the season .
what we ended up learning was that the meat had been contaminated .
when i was a child , the most painful time of the day was mealtime .
when i was in high school , i used to earn extra money babysitting .
when you leave the room , please make sure you turn off the lights .
whenever you're in trouble or feeling down , i'll be there for you .
which is the capital of the united states , washington or new york ?
while backing up , i bumped into another car and set off its alarm .
yesterday i stumbled across a copy of my father's family register .
you can't just leave your car parked in front of the fire hydrant .
you don't have to show those pictures to tom if you don't want to .
you must have been surprised to find me alone with her last night .
you should choose a job in relation to your talents and interests .
you should spend what little time you have left with your friends .
you'd be amazed how long it takes tom to get ready in the morning .
you'll get plenty of chances to meet girls when you go to college .
you're the only person i know besides me who likes medieval music .
you've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday .
your offer is very attractive , but we will have to think about it .
your wife called and she wants you to get a pizza on the way home .
but don't you think that it's a little big ? asked the shopkeeper .
have you known tom for a long time ? no , i've only just met him .
here's a dollar . go and buy a cup of coffee . that's not enough .
how did you know that i like tom ? you can tell just by looking .
my children are already adults . what about yours ? mine are too .
perhaps we'd better not tell tom anything about today . i agree .
the good die young is an old saying which may or may not be true .
was there a dead body in the room ? no , there was no body there .
what toppings do you want on the pizza ? anything but anchovies .
why are you studying english so hard ? to be an english teacher .
would you like something to drink ? no , but thanks for offering .
a bookstore in that location wouldn't make enough money to survive .
a conservative tie is preferable to a loud one for a job interview .
a fund was launched to set up a monument in memory of the dead man .
a good password should be difficult to guess , but easy to remember .
a man's happiness depends on what he is rather than on what he has .
a man's happiness doesn't depend on what he has , but on what he is .
a party will be held next saturday , that is to say , on august 25th .
a pet theory of mine is that things should be seen from a distance .
all the skill of the sailors gave way to the violence of the storm .
are you seriously thinking about buying a computer from that store ?
are you seriously thinking about getting married again at your age ?
are you sure you don't want to come with me to get a cup of coffee ?
as far as i know , the book has never been translated into japanese .
as long as i'm going to be in london , i ought to see a play or two .
as soon as the accident occurred , a police car rushed to the scene .
at the time , astronomy was still intrinsically linked to astrology .
because of his wealth , he was able to become a member of that club .
being written in great haste , this letter has quite a few mistakes .
birds sometimes cause accidents by getting in the way of airplanes .
considering what time it was , the supermarket was relatively empty .
despite all my efforts , i will not have the report ready by friday .
did you know there was a secret passage hidden behind the bookcase ?
do we have any french homework that needs to be turned in tomorrow ?
do you think that you could help me weed the garden this afternoon ?
does this sentence sound like something a native speaker would say ?
each time i see mary , i learn something new and important from her .
efforts to bring the blaze under control using buckets soon failed .
everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion .
everyone is happy with the decision , so please don't rock the boat .
everyone was talking at once , so i couldn't get a word in edgewise .
excuse me , but would you please tell me the way to the post office ?
existing legislation does not take diversity of races into account .
forks go to the left side of the plate , and knives go to the right .
french was the only foreign language that they taught at my school .
from time to time , i think about my mother who is no longer living .
have you recently had any unexplained dizziness or lightheadedness ?
he always left the problem of his children's education to his wife .
he consoled himself with the thought that it might have been worse .
he devoted the last years of his life to writing his autobiography .
he has been living in the cabin by himself for more than ten years .
he has bought a lot in the suburbs with a view to building a house .
he is apt to say atrocious things and to exaggerate his grievances .
he never believes in paying any more for a thing than is necessary .
he was always annoyed in the city by noises of one sort or another .
he was wearing a long black coat that reached almost to his ankles .
he who only has a hammer in his toolbox sees all problems as nails .
he's not in the least interested in what is happening in the world .
her derogatory remarks towards her boss caused her to lose her job .
his wife is in the hospital because she was injured in a car crash .
honestly , i don't think you have what it takes to become a teacher .
i assume we're doing a pretty good job since no one has complained .
i can't imagine why anyone would want to steal something like that .
i can't show up looking like i've been working on the farm all day .
i couldn't get out of my garage because there was a car in the way .
i didn't know you were sick , so i didn't visit you in the hospital .
i don't care how much you want it . i'm not going to give it to you .
i don't have time to deal with this letter . could you deal with it ?
i don't have to go to the doctor any more . i'm feeling much better .
i don't know what's going on around here , but i intend to find out .
i don't know when i'll be able to pay you back the money i owe you .
i don't understand why those people are so obnoxious to each other .
i have many visas in my passport because i travel a lot for my job .
i hear they have a lot of problems with the tunnels in new zealand .
i hope that neither of them were involved in that traffic accident .
i know i should have said something , but i didn't know what to say .
i looked around and noticed that mine was the only car on the road .
i love looking at everyone's colorful kimonos on coming of age day .
i met someone the other day that i think i could fall in love with .
i need someone to hold me and tell me everything will be all right .
i never for a moment imagined that my blog would become so popular .
i only know that if i don't take this medicine every day , i'll die .
i ran as fast as possible , but i wasn't in time for the last train .
i think it is about time we changed our ways of disposing of waste .
i think it's time for me to accept responsibility for that problem .
i think that you and i should probably be able to get along better .
i think that you're about to make the biggest mistake of your life .
i thought a walk in the park might take our minds off our troubles .
i thought he was an american but he turned out to be an englishman .
i thought you might like to know where we'll be going next weekend .
i told the children to be quiet , but they just kept on being noisy .
i tried to reach you on the phone , but i was unable to get through .
i waited for him at the station for an hour , but he didn't show up .
i want to buy this material for a new dress . how much does it cost ?
i want to give you some money to help you through these hard times .
i want to go to sleep soon because i need to get up early tomorrow .
i was just wondering if you have been able to find a place to live .
i was scared to ask questions because i didn't want to look stupid .
i was very disconcerted to find that everyone else already knew it .
i went to every modern art show that took place in tokyo last year .
i won't go to all the meetings , but i'll try to go to some of them .
i would like to know how these substances are absorbed by the body .
i'll try to fix this , but there's a chance that i won't be able to .
i'm going in the same direction . come with me . i'll take you there .
i'm going to go buy a ticket , so please watch my bags for a minute .
if i could have spoken french better , i might have gotten that job .
if i were a foreigner , i probably wouldn't be able to eat raw fish .
if he should arrive late , you may start the conference without him .
if you dress like that at your age , you'll make a fool of yourself .
if you go by bus , you can get there in about one-third of the time .
if you have a good garden , it will enhance the value of your house .
if you put more tea leaves into the pot , the tea will taste better .
in japan , you never have to go too far to find a convenience store .
in the first place , we must be careful about what we eat and drink .
in the last typhoon , the wind blew at over 200 kilometers per hour !
it is important that you attach your photo to the application form .
it is not until we lose our health that we realize the value of it .
it looks like yokkun's dad ran off with his nursery school teacher .
it took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of english .
it was the great lung-power of caruso that made him a great singer .
it was through his influence that she became interested in ecology .
it's been a long time since i've seen any dragonflies in this area .
it's better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all .
it's not enough to just say you're going to vote . you need to vote .
it's the sort of work that calls for a high level of concentration .
kyoto gets thousands of visitors from all over the world each year .
let's forget about our differences and focus on how we're the same .
louis pasteur discovered that germs cause most infectious diseases .
make a decision and make it with the confidence that you are right .
many foreigners come to japan for the purpose of studying japanese .
mary wanted me to look the other way while she was getting dressed .
men do not exist in this world to become rich , but to become happy .
millions of dollars have been spent trying to shore up the company .
more and more people are falling behind in their mortgage payments .
more than one million tons of coal are mined each day in australia .
my brother just received tenure at the university where he teaches .
my doctor told me to put the eyedrops in my eyes three times a day .
my leg's gone to sleep , so i don't think i can stand up right away .
my physician advised me to refrain from alcohol for the time being .
no matter how busy i become , i'll always have time for my children .
no matter how capable you are , you're not going to get a promotion .
no matter how hard i practiced , i wasn't able to do the backstroke .
no one knows exactly how many people considered themselves hippies .
no sinner is ever saved after the first twenty minutes of a sermon .
nobody contributed to the understanding of dreams as much as freud .
nothing gave her greater pleasure than to watch her son growing up .
on an island in the seine , there is a big church called notre dame .
once the teacher organized a banquet and invited all the neighbors .
one thing you should know about me is that i'm a little overweight .
our local tv station does a pretty good job of covering local news .
people have eaten with their fingers from the beginning of history .
please don't forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it .
please get here at least fifteen minutes before the meeting starts .
please stick around after the concert . we'll be signing autographs .
security isn't achieved by erecting barriers , but by opening gates .
she always says nice things about him , especially when he's around .
she hated him so much that our family could never go and visit him .
she looks young , but as a matter of fact she is older than you are .
she told me once and for all that she did not want to see me again .
she was unable to completely give up her dream of traveling abroad .
she'd just begun to read the book when someone knocked on the door .
silence is golden , but not when trying to learn a foreign language .
since i've never eaten here before , i don't know what to recommend .
since my mother was sick , i couldn't leave the house last saturday .
six months ago i had an operation for the cataract in my right eye .
some people think eating at home is better for you than eating out .
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same thing .
swallowing and throat-clearing can be a sign that someone is lying .
switzerland is situated between france , italy , austria and germany .
the amazon is the second longest river in the world after the nile .
the f1 champion michael schumacher sustained a serious head injury .
the astronaut had to conduct many experiments in the space shuttle .
the bullet penetrated his chest , leaving him in critical condition .
the day will soon come when we will be able to predict earthquakes .
the eggplants looked so beautiful that i couldn't help but buy one .
the fire , driven by an east wind , destroyed the center of the city .
the flowers are beginning to grow and everything is becoming green .
the forensic technician found gunshot residue on the victim's hand .
the government compensated the farmers for the damage to the crops .
the guy had a suitcase covered in stickers from all over the world .
the house is too big for us , and what is more , it is too expensive .
the last installment of this story will come out in the next issue .
the more i thought about the problem , the more difficult it seemed .
the only thing that really matters is whether or not you are happy .
the potato is native to the highlands of central and south america .
the reporters demanded to know why the mayor wouldn't talk to them .
the speed of an airplane is much greater than that of a helicopter .
the teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to come with her .
the way tom drives , he's going to have an accident sooner or later .
the wicked witch cast a spell on the man and turned him into a bug .
their team doesn't have a ghost of a chance of winning this season .
there are about seventy hens in the henhouse , but only one rooster .
there are few legal constraints on the sale of firearms in the u . s .
there had never been any ill-feeling between them until that night .
there is a possibility that we won't have to shut down the factory .
they are going to exhibit many famous old paintings at the gallery .
they came to terms with each other on how to start a joint venture .
they lived in a very small house at the end of a long , gray street .
they want to increase food production by growing new kinds of rice .
this matter isn't something we should be discussing here in public .
this problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve .
to prevent the disease from spreading quickly was not an easy task .
tom and mary don't seem to really talk to each other all that much .
tom and mary kissed each other for the first time on christmas eve .
tom chose to spend christmas with mary rather than with his family .
tom doesn't know the difference between an adjective and an adverb .
tom finally mustered up the courage to ask mary to go out with him .
tom got out of the bath , dried himself off , and put his clothes on .
tom has no intention of staying in boston for the rest of his life .
tom is in a coma and the doctors aren't sure if he's going to live .
tom may be a bit stupid , but he isn't as stupid as you think he is .
tom plays the baritone saxophone and mary plays the alto saxophone .
tom usually has a glass of wine before dinner to whet his appetite .
tom was leaning against the porch railing with a drink in his hand .
tom was unwilling to pay that much money for a secondhand computer .
tom was worried that someone would discover details about his past .
tom went christmas caroling with other members of his church choir .
tom would've liked you . it's too bad that you never met each other .
tomatoes are delicious whether you eat them raw , cooked or braised .
unable to accomplish the task by himself , he turned to me for help .
we asked him on the interphone if he could come downstairs quickly .
we have a complete set of the recordings of beethoven's symphonies .
we have a very good team , so we have every reason to be optimistic .
we will have to put off the soccer game because of the bad weather .
when i don't have anything to say , i'm not embarrassed to be quiet .
when i was growing up , i never imagined that i would become famous .
when he was in the military , he conformed to the strict army rules .
when the chips are down , the only one you can count on is yourself .
when you wake up tomorrow morning , you will find a wonderful thing .
which reminds me , it's been more than 30 years since that incident .
why don't you come in and we'll talk about it over a cup of coffee ?
why isn't there any wine left in the bottle ? did you kids drink it ?
will you have a little time this weekend to help me with my french ?
you bought the food , so if i buy the wine that will even things up .
you can always tell what any individual wants most by what he does .
you can see that the architect paid scrupulous attention to detail .
you can't beat me , tom . i've been playing tennis since i was a kid .
you can't just keep throwing your money away on this kind of thing .
you can't really expect to get better at french if you don't study .
you had better make sure that he is at home before you call on him .
you must not be afraid of making mistakes when learning a language .
you should wear your hair down more often . it looks great that way .
you speak french very well . i wish i could speak it as well as you .
you'll get a ticket if you park the car in front of a fire hydrant .
you're going to wreck your eyesight if you play games all the time .
your drinking is starting to affect the performance of your duties .
zurich is the second largest gold market in the world after london .
can i make you breakfast sometime ? yes , i'd like that very much .
i think you owe me about thirty dollars . that seems about right .
what will we tell tom ? don't worry . i'll come up with something .
you're pretty good at english , aren't you ? i'd like to think so .
a judge will issue a search warrant only if there is probable cause .
a man i didn't know was walking back and forth in front of my house .
a molecule of water is made up of one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms .
a poor school record will count against you when you look for a job .
after the earthquake , many people decided to sleep outside in tents .
after the explosion , i saw three guys limping out of the restaurant .
after what happened , i would've thought tom would go back to boston .
all i want to do is sit here and drink this bottle of wine with you .
all of a sudden , i remembered that i couldn't pay for so many books .
all the villagers went out into the hills to look for a missing cat .
americans like football in the same way that japanese like baseball .
as food and drink is to animals , so are rain and sunshine to plants .
being aware of what and how much we eat is essential to good health .
business people exchange cards at the beginning or end of a meeting .
could you tell me which bus or train goes to the center of the town ?
did you really leave your car unlocked with the key in the ignition ?
do you know how many people in the world starve to death every year ?
do you think we have enough gas left to get to the next gas station ?
father makes sure that all the lights are off before he goes to bed .
has anyone ever told you that you stop breathing when you're asleep ?
he contends that nuclear weapons are necessary for national defense .
he failed in business , and to make matters worse , his wife fell ill .
he had this stupid habit of slouching against any available surface .
he has two daughters , one is a pianist and the other is a violinist .
he is without doubt the most successful movie director in the world .
he prefers plain , simple people , for he is plain and simple himself .
he was the kind of kid who was always showing off to his classmates .
her technique is superb , but she needs to play with more expression .
how to meet future energy demand is a big question we must consider .
hurry up . the train leaves in ten minutes . we don't want to miss it .
i almost always take a shower in the morning before going to school .
i bought flowers because my grandmother is coming today for a visit .
i can think of some situations in which a knife would come in handy .
i can't look at this photo without being reminded of my school days .
i can't shake off the feeling that something bad is going to happen .
i chained myself to one of the trees they were planning to cut down .
i contacted them the other day , but i was not able to get an answer .
i could've gone to the seaside , but i went to the mountains instead .
i don't care what the doctor says . i'm going to eat whatever i want .
i don't care who your father is . you still have to follow my orders .
i don't have enough money on me right now to pay you what i owe you .
i don't know what we're going to find , but we should find something .
i don't know where i put my keys , but i left them in here somewhere .
i don't think i want to answer any more of your questions right now .
i don't think it'll rain , but i'll take an umbrella in case it does .
i doubt that tom has the courage to do what really needs to be done .
i dunno if it's a bug or what , but this software doesn't work right .
i feel like going to the movies , but i still have to do my homework .
i grabbed my little sister's hand , and the two of us started to run .
i guess this desk will serve the purpose until we can get a new one .
i had forgotten all about today's meeting . i'm glad you reminded me .
i have two dogs and i try to feed them each the same amount of food .
i haven't yet met anyone i'd want to spend the rest of my life with .
i heard that song so many times on the radio that i grew to hate it .
i just want to let you know i can't attend this afternoon's meeting .
i just wanted some advice from someone who's already been to boston .
i know your time is valuable , but could i ask you just one question ?
i like swimming in lakes and rivers more than swimming in the ocean .
i parked on the left side of the street just in front of the school .
i should've studied french more seriously when i was in high school .
i stumbled across this problem when i was working on something else .
i suddenly saw myself reflected in a window pane and it startled me .
i think i've figured out which horse is most likely to win the race .
i thought it was unnecessary for us to do anything about that today .
i thought it would be an opportunity for you to improve your french .
i thought you might be lonely , so i came over with a bottle of wine .
i was going to buy a new table , but my husband fixed the broken leg .
i was just wondering how it would feel to be punched in the stomach .
i was just wondering how you guys ever got talking about this topic .
i'd like to ask you a few questions about what you did last weekend .
i'd like to think about it a little longer before i make a decision .
i'll have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow .
i'm grateful to my parents for doing everything they've done for me .
i'm trying to find a publisher for the book i just finished writing .
i've been so busy this past week that i've hardly had time to relax .
i've heard that chocolate doesn't make fat . i wonder if that's true .
i've heard that in germany beer is cheaper than water . is that true ?
if i remember correctly , that's the song tom sang at mary's wedding .
if he sends me any letters , i just tear them up and throw them away .
if the covid-19 vaccine was available , would you like to receive it ?
if there's anything i can do for you , don't hesitate to let me know .
if two men always have the same opinion , one of them is unnecessary .
if you don't know the meaning of a word , look it up in a dictionary .
if you tell people what they want to hear , they'll do what you want .
if you wish to get on in the world , you must not shrink from effort .
in the light of what you told us , i think we should revise our plan .
in the summer , i go to the sea , and in the winter , to the mountains .
in the winter , i like to sled down the small hill close to our home .
instead of fixing the problem , the company fired the whistle-blower .
it is almost impossible to learn a foreign language in a short time .
it is difficult to get him to do anything on the spur of the moment .
it is important to understand that each country has its own culture .
it suddenly occurred to tom that his car keys weren't in his pocket .
it was getting dark , and , what made matters worse , it began to rain .
it would be better if you didn't drink so much coffee late at night .
it's a good idea , to be sure , but it's hard to put it into practice .
it's odd that there should be a light on in the office at this hour .
judging from the look of the sky , it will clear up in the afternoon .
keeping a diary also gives us a chance to reflect on our daily life .
last week our fridge broke which forced us to eat lots of ice cream .
mary invested in the stock because the financial advisor fooled her .
most students are tired of having to take examinations all the time .
my curtains were closed , so i didn't see what was happening outside .
my doctor received her medical degree from a prestigious university .
my father works hard because he wants to give us everything we need .
no matter how hard i try , i will never be able to catch up with him .
not doing one's work properly may be worse than not doing it at all .
on behalf of my classmates , let me say a few words of thanks to you .
our ancestors developed massive jaws as a result of constant combat .
our task has been easy so far , but it will be difficult from now on .
people have lost the ability to disagree without being disagreeable .
refer to the instruction manual if you need to fix the refrigerator .
scientists have found a secret chamber inside egypt's great pyramid .
she bought him a camera that was too big to fit in his shirt pocket .
she decided to marry him even though her parents didn't want her to .
she made it clear that she couldn't make it in time for the meeting .
since i will see him tomorrow , i can give him a message if you want .
since it was late at night and i was very tired , i stayed at an inn .
surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher .
thank you for the time you spent with me during my visit to atlanta .
the brandenburg gate is one of the most famous landmarks in germany .
the fire that broke out last night was judged to be caused by arson .
the first time i held my girlfriend's hand was in the haunted house .
the last time we ate dinner together , you would only eat vegetables .
the meaning of a word is determined by the context where it is used .
the military engaged the enemy five kilometers south of the capital .
the neighbors will call the police if you don't turn the music down .
the only difference between a bad cook and a poisoner is the intent .
the policy of the government was criticized by the opposition party .
the ruling party is running a smear campaign against the opposition .
the sky grew darker and darker , and the wind blew harder and harder .
the talk was peppered with scientific jargon that no one understood .
the translation of the french novel took him more than three months .
the truck hit the police officer before plowing into the police car .
the unemployment rate in japan was 3 . 4 percent in september of 2015 .
there is an urgent need for people to help clean up the environment .
there were many things that needed to be done before we could leave .
there were many things that we needed to do to prepare for our trip .
tom and i've been discussing the situation for the past three hours .
tom and i've decided not to go to australia for christmas this year .
tom can't tell the difference between expensive wine and cheap wine .
tom doesn't understand mary's reluctance to go out with his brother .
tom said he'd like to know why you didn't do what you said you'd do .
tom took the sheets off the bed and put them in the washing machine .
tom wants mary to know he isn't planning on asking her to marry him .
tom wants to call his uncle , but he can't seem to get a hold of him .
tom's new wife is younger than his daughter from his first marriage .
unfortunately , i broke my leg in an accident and could not continue .
we can't be the only two people who forgot to pay our bills on time .
we did our best to help him , but he didn't so much as say thank you .
we have to consider the possibility tom was involved in the robbery .
we waited up for him until two o'clock and then finally went to bed .
we're going to keep doing this until someone tells us that we can't .
what was the name of the hotel where you stayed in boston last year ?
when i got out of jail , the first thing i bought was an economy car .
when i retire , i'd like to spend the rest of my life in the country .
when i was your age , i thought the same way as you about this issue .
when you love someone , you'll do anything to make that person happy .
who's the gorgeous girl i saw wandering around in the mall with you ?
with the way my luck has been running , it'll probably rain tomorrow .
within the last six months , have you experienced a significant loss ?
you don't have to make up an excuse if you don't want to go with us .
you have only to stand in front of the door . it will open by itself .
you have to promise never to tell anyone what i'm about to tell you .
you should stockpile necessary supplies in case of a big earthquake .
you should take your car to tom's garage . he does a pretty good job .
you're the only person i know who can probably answer this question .
do you know when they will arrive ? at eleven-thirty this evening .
give me something to write with . will this do ? yes , it will do .
a lot of young people your age are already working and have a family .
after english , german is the most popular foreign language in russia .
after i graduated from college , i got a job with my father's company .
all of a sudden , large drops of rain began falling from the dark sky .
all the houses on my street lost power this morning due to the storm .
as a writer , she does not fit into any of the traditional categories .
as you requested , i have attached a recent passport-sized photograph .
at the end of the class , the teacher said , that's enough for today .
because he didn't want to lose face , he refused my offer to help him .
because of your symptoms , you must be temporarily medically isolated .
could you please tell me again when the meeting is supposed to start ?
do you ever think about the time we spent together when we were kids ?
don't you think it's rude to give people such a curt reply like that ?
even if it takes me ten years , i am determined to accomplish the job .
even if the sun were to rise in the west , i would not change my mind .
even though tom used to be my best friend , i'm beginning to hate him .
everybody talks about the weather , but nobody does anything about it .
finding it hard to make ends meet on his income , she started to work .
having a full time job and raising two kids at the same time is hard .
he doesn't seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me .
he has recovered his health , so he is now able to resume his studies .
he is a busy man , so you can only get in touch with him by telephone .
he managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver .
he said his father was an architect and that he wanted to be one too .
he told me about the accident as if he had seen it with his own eyes .
he walked back and forth on the platform while waiting for the train .
he's shy , and never speaks unless spoken to . you have to talk to him .
his intelligence and experience enabled him to deal with the trouble .
how long do you think the jury will take before they reach a verdict ?
hummer limousines are the ultimate symbol of conspicuous consumption .
i can't believe that you really sold that junk for such a high price .
i can't imagine many people wanting to read this book more than once .
i can't think of any other way of getting him to accept our proposal .
i can't wait for spring to come so we can sit under the cherry trees .
i cannot go to the party , but thank you for inviting me all the same .
i chopped the onions and put them in a casserole with butter and oil .
i don't know what they're saying , but i know they're speaking french .
i don't know what this word means . i'll look it up in the dictionary .
i don't watch a lot of movies , but i can't resist a good documentary .
i found one of my shoes under my bed , but i can't find the other one .
i grabbed my little sister's hand , and the two of us started running .
i had heard that he was fat , but i didn't think he would be that fat .
i had no sooner closed the door than somebody started knocking on it .
i hate myself for not having the will power to quit eating junk food .
i have trouble falling asleep because i always have a lot on my mind .
i just heard tom and mary are coming back to australia for christmas .
i know how to solve the problem , but i've been asked not to tell you .
i never dreamed of there being such a quiet place in this noisy city .
i played an interesting game of chess against the computer last week .
i put an advertisement in the newspaper saying my house was for sale .
i remember the event as clearly as if it had happened just yesterday .
i suggest that you go and see a doctor about this as soon as you can .
i think it's dangerous to climb a mountain on a day when it's stormy .
i want to believe there's still a chance for us to be happy together .
i want to take advantage of the opportunity to speak to the governor .
i wish i could figure out how to get more people to visit my website .
i wonder if you could tell me if there is a post office in this area .
i wonder whether a man could live with only two hours' sleep a night .
i wouldn't have asked you to come if it weren't absolutely necessary .
i'll lend you my textbook if you promise not to write anything in it .
i'm already twenty and i have no idea what i want to do with my life .
i'm sure i've met that man somewhere , but i don't remember who he is .
i've already drunk half a bottle of wine while i was waiting for you .
i've known tom all my life , but now and again , he still surprises me .
if i'm to become a regular , i have to work twice as hard as the rest .
if anyone calls me up while i'm away , tell them i'll be back by five .
if this airplane were to be hijacked , what in the world would you do ?
if you don't do this now , you'll regret it for the rest of your life .
if you listen carefully to my instructions , it'll save you some time .
if you'd told us earlier , we'd've been able to do something about it .
in all probability , no language is completely free of borrowed words .
in case of a medical emergency , would you like us to contact someone ?
in the united states , christmas cards with family photos are popular .
introducing foreign plants , such as palm trees can damage ecosystems .
is there any chance that you have eaten any of the contaminated food ?
it is not until you have lost your health that you realize its value .
it only takes about fifteen minutes to walk to the station from here .
it was on the morning of february the ninth that i arrived in london .
it'll take some time until we have enough money to buy a new tractor .
it's clear that there's a rather strong disagreement between the two .
it's just possible that he'll eventually recover the use of his legs .
it's not something one should laugh about and yet they were laughing .
many people who hear tom speaking french think he's a native speaker .
morality is mostly a matter of how much temptation you can withstand .
most americans do not object to my calling them by their first names .
most public places are simply not geared to people with disabilities .
my waist size has recently increased . i guess it's middle-age spread .
my wife and i hope to get away for a week during the christmas break .
no one has the right to tell me what i can and can't do with my body .
nobody's going to shed any tears if that old building gets torn down .
of course you can trust me . have i ever given you a bum steer before ?
on a scale of 0 to 10 , where 10 is the worst , can you rate your pain ?
one thing i've always wanted to do is get a decent job close to home .
our server will be offline on october 20th for scheduled maintenance .
portugal has decriminalized the possession of drugs for personal use .
possible side effects include blurred vision and shortness of breath .
recently , there have been signs that the economy is picking up steam .
she advised him not to drive too fast , but he wouldn't listen to her .
she claims that she knows nothing about him , but i don't believe her .
she has a good command of english though she was brought up in japan .
she intended to go shopping with her mother , but her mother was busy .
she spent most of her senior year in high school strung out on drugs .
sitting down all day and looking at a computer screen is bad for you .
some of the trees in our neighborhood were knocked down by the storm .
some were under the impression that the judges had not chosen wisely .
something in his face really reminded me of an old boyfriend of mine .
sorry , but i have to hurry . i have no time to explain this in detail .
tennis is difficult . i never know which way the ball is going to fly .
the president is usually accompanied by his wife when he goes abroad .
the best way to learn french is to live in a french-speaking country .
the board of directors is going to discuss the proposal next tuesday .
the bricklayer calculated that he would need 500 bricks for the wall .
the buildings are small in comparison to the skyscrapers in new york .
the burglar was traced by one of the things he had left on the scene .
the company gave him a gold watch in acknowledgement of his services .
the consequence of a wrong translation can sometimes be catastrophic .
the drunken men made derogatory remarks toward the women in the club .
the fire was so intense that the firemen couldn't get into the house .
the fog soon blurred out the figure of a man walking in front of him .
the inhabitants of the city depend upon the river for drinking water .
the medical examiner reported that the cause of death was a homicide .
the rescuers searched the surroundings in hopes of finding the child .
the restaurant we went to wasn't as expensive as i expected it to be .
the stock market crash forced many retirees back into the job market .
the train was so packed that i had to stand up during the whole trip .
there are always so many unwanted gifts in the house after christmas .
there is nothing worse than doing something in a half-hearted manner .
there were hundreds of taxis at the airport , all vying for customers .
they can come on monday or tuesday , but not on wednesday or thursday .
they wouldn't have cancelled the game if it hadn't rained so heavily .
this is a difficult problem , and it is not easy for anyone to decide .
to do him justice , he did his best with his limited men and supplies .
tom and his friends sat around the campfire and roasted marshmallows .
tom can reel off the names of the capitals of all european countries .
tom carved his initials on the large oak tree in front of the school .
tom didn't think mary would enjoy his party , so he didn't invite her .
tom had his wisdom teeth taken out by a twenty-four year old dentist .
tom has been convicted of drunk driving twice in the last four years .
tom is fishing for trout about a hundred meters downstream from here .
tom is going to have to stay in the hospital for another three weeks .
tom is the only man in the world that is likely to break that record .
tom was very unhappy about having to spend christmas in the hospital .
very fat people waddle when they walk , though few of them realize it .
we can't just cut people's salaries without giving them some warning .
we have to consider the problem in the light of cultural differences .
we're confident that you are up to the challenge of the new position .
what do you think you're doing letting the loyalists into the castle ?
what this club is today is largely due to the effort of these people .
what was your relationship with your father like when you were a kid ?
when i was a child , my mother made me eat green vegetables every day .
when my husband died , i had a lot of difficulties keeping my chin up .
when you're eighteen years old , you're an adult in the united states .
would you mind giving me a little help with some problems i'm having ?
you can be sure that the money you give them will be put to good use .
you don't have to study at a school of fine arts to become an artist .
you must kneel at my feet , kiss my hand and swear that i am an angel .
are scientists close to cloning a human being ? not by a long shot .
how long have you been living here ? it'll be five years next week .
i've only had two boyfriends . oh , i have two boyfriends right now .
tom and mary are planning to get divorced . i wasn't aware of that .
what kind of music do you want to hear ? put on something romantic .
additional imports of american beef are planned to meet rising demand .
after a bit of googling , i suspect that what you said may not be true .
after her graduation from college , she went over to the united states .
after we finish digging the trench , planting the flowers will be easy .
all things taken into consideration , my father's life was a happy one .
all you have to do is sit down here and answer the doctor's questions .
among the five of us , she , without a doubt , speaks the most languages .
because of the heavy fog , we could barely see the road in front of us .
company attorneys are working around the clock to complete the merger .
could you explain to me why you think these rules don't apply anymore ?
could you remind me to call my academic advisor at 9:00 p . m . tomorrow ?
do you think it's possible for me to ever sound like a native speaker ?
don't worry ! even if i drink , it doesn't have an effect on my driving .
during warm weather , sweating helps man regulate his body temperature .
everything was exciting to me when i visited spain for the first time .
excuse me for interrupting you , but would you mind opening the window ?
father took his place at the head of the table and began to say grace .
go down this road until you get to a traffic light and then turn left .
had he known what was about to happen , he would have changed his plan .
have you ever wondered what might've happened if tom hadn't been here ?
have you recently felt any unexplained pain or stiffness in your neck ?
he had heard wonderful stories about cities of gold with silver trees .
he is too busy dreaming dreams to plan what he will do in his old age .
he makes most , if not all , of the important decisions for his company .
he said that he was busy then , but that he would be free the next day .
he wondered how many times the sun would rise before his salary would .
his english is not bad , seeing that he has studied for only two years .
how many times do i have to ask you to put your laundry in the basket ?
how much time did you spend doing research before you started writing ?
how much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ?
i can't stop you from revealing my secrets . however , i beg you not to .
i cannot help feeling that the attempt has turned out to be a failure .
i don't enjoy teaching children to swim when their parents are around .
i don't think many people can say they're satisfied with their salary .
i don't want to spend any more time than necessary cleaning the house .
i finally have enough money to buy the kind of car i've always wanted .
i had a part-time job as a hotel maid , but i didn't like it very much .
i had an allergic reaction to the new medication my doctor prescribed .
i have a new boyfriend , but my ex-boyfriend doesn't know about it yet .
i have all these apples to carry , not to mention this bag of potatoes .
i have always fed my dog the dog food that comes in the big green bag .
i hurried to the station only to find that the train had already left .
i like the terminator films because the special effects are fantastic .
i need to hide these christmas presents somewhere tom can't find them .
i never thought i'd live to see the day when i'd have to sell my home .
i suggest that we hold off on making a decision until all bids are in .
i suppose you want to ask me why i didn't go to your party last night .
i want to do some bass fishing , but i don't know what to use for bait .
i want to go back to doing what i was doing before you interrupted me .
i want to work as a volunteer to make amends for everything i've done .
i'd like to explain everything , but i don't think we have enough time .
i'd like to thank you for helping me translate the report into french .
i'm usually pretty good with faces , but i didn't recognize him at all .
i've something interesting to tell you that you might find surprising .
if the spaghetti sticks when you throw it against the wall , it's done .
if you could live anywhere in the world , where would you want to live ?
if you eat three meals a day , your body will find the energy it needs .
if you travel by shinkansen , it doesn't seem far from nagoya to tokyo .
if you're withholding information , there could be severe consequences .
in judging his work , we must take his lack of experience into account .
in the city , large quantities of garbage are being produced every day .
in woodworking , we classify wood as hardwood , softwood or exotic wood .
indeed you know a lot of things , but you're not good at teaching them .
introducing democratic ideas into that country will be a slow process .
it is stipulated that we should receive a month's vacation every year .
it requires a certain amount of practice to be able to walk on stilts .
it was during the ice age that the saber-toothed tiger became extinct .
it was just 6 years ago that i visited new zealand for the first time .
it was raining when we left , but by the time we arrived , it was sunny .
japan has undergone a drastic change as a result of industrialization .
kids wake up early in the morning to open their presents on christmas .
laser printers are generally cheaper to maintain than inkjet printers .
mary hiked her skirt up to mid-thigh and dipped her toes in the water .
mary sat by the edge of the pool , her bare legs dangling in the water .
mosquitoes are perhaps one of the most dangerous animals in the world .
mr . jackson is in the hospital , so i'll be teaching his classes today .
my mother visits the dentist's every other day to get her teeth fixed .
no matter who you ask , you won't be able to get a satisfactory answer .
on the same day , apollo 11 succeeded in landing on the moon's surface .
one king after another succeeded to the throne during those few years .
people were lined up around the block waiting for the theater to open .
please tell me which railway line to use from the airport to downtown .
preventive measures are much more effective than the actual treatment .
probably the reason tom can't go is because he doesn't have any money .
saying you can't do the job because you're too busy is just a cop out .
seeing that it is 8 o'clock , i think you should leave for school soon .
she added , as an afterthought , that she was going to do some shopping .
she always speaks to him in a loud voice because he's hard of hearing .
she cut the cake into six pieces and gave one to each of the children .
she handed him his jacket then opened the door and asked him to leave .
she is saving her money with a view to taking a trip around the world .
she persuaded him to do it even though she knew it wasn't a good idea .
some of the students decorated the classroom with christmas ornaments .
some people think that there are way too many lawyers in this country .
sometimes i have the impression that we'll never come to an agreement .
thanks to his advice , we could finish it earlier than we had expected .
the bull is stronger than the bullfighter , but he almost always loses .
the customers were made to wait outside in the rain for several hours .
the dark clouds and swirling wind indicated that a storm was imminent .
the girl in the picture is wearing a crown not of gold but of flowers .
the population of germany is less than half that of the united states .
the programmer is fixing a technical problem with the computer server .
the purpose of a conclusion is to sum up the main points of the essay .
the twin girls are so much alike that i can't tell one from the other .
their marriage has been strained lately because of financial problems .
there are few sounds in this world more beautiful than a baby's laugh .
there are many talented people in our city , but tom isn't one of them .
there is an urgent need for the local government to help the homeless .
they have time to spend with their families or to enjoy their hobbies .
they say amniotic fluid has roughly the same composition as sea water .
this isn't the first time that it's snowed in boston on christmas day .
today my wife and i are celebrating our twentieth wedding anniversary .
tom got time and a half when he worked beyond his usual quitting time .
tom has a lot of things to do this morning before he leaves the house .
tom is very upset with me because i didn't do what he wanted me to do .
tom would've made the same decision i'm making if he were in my shoes .
we made it to the top of the mountain just in time to see the sunrise .
what kind of question is that ? do you really expect me to answer that ?
what's this song ? i've heard it before , but i can't remember the name .
when i take a deep breath , a pain runs down the right side of my back .
when i was feeding my dog , i noticed that the gate had been left open .
while i was waiting for the streetcar , i witnessed a traffic accident .
white collar crime has made american people trust the government less .
why don't you do us all a favor and go back to wherever you came from ?
would you mind not talking about your surgery now - i'm trying to eat .
written in technical terms , this book is very difficult to understand .
you aren't likely to find that word in a dictionary that's this small .
you could at least pretend to be interested in what i'm talking about .
you know as well as i do that we can't afford to buy that kind of car .
you should ask a physician for his advice before taking this medicine .
you shouldn't study all day long . you should go out and have some fun .
you're probably too young to understand what is likely to happen next .
you've been gone for so long , and i can't remember what you look like .
tom ? what are you doing here ? i could ask you the same thing , mary .
a debugger is a program which allows you to find errors in source code .
a drunkard is somebody you don't like and who drinks as much as you do .
a few months later they return to their breeding grounds in the arctic .
a friend is someone who knows everything about you and still likes you .
a square is always a rectangle , but a rectangle is not always a square .
after spending three weeks looking for a job , he found a well-paid one .
alcohol consumption is higher in eastern europe than in western europe .
am i correct in assuming you've finished doing what we asked you to do ?
apart from a couple of early setbacks , the project is progressing well .
as soon as i can get the chance , i'll help your mother paint the fence .
as soon as he graduated , he went to work in his father's general store .
as you can see , i haven't done any cleaning in the house for some time .
computers are capable of doing very complicated work in a split second .
didn't you tell me yesterday that you and your boyfriend had broken up ?
do you feel like going out for a drive in the country over the weekend ?
do you find that your mood changes frequently in short periods of time ?
does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as america ?
even though i know a little french , i think we should speak in english .
everyone , no matter how privileged , encounters trials and tribulations .
for him , hunger was an abstract concept . he had always had enough food .
freedom is so fundamental that its importance cannot be overemphasized .
genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration .
having been convicted of murder , he was sentenced to life imprisonment .
he believes that i can do things that i've never even thought of doing .
he is a primary school teacher , so he is used to dealing with children .
he spoke of the people and the things that he had seen during his trip .
he was egging an innocent young man on to join him in his crooked deal .
he was making a speech , but he broke off when he heard a strange noise .
he was the last person i had expected to see during my stay in america .
houses built with wood burn more easily than houses built out of stone .
i always enjoy listening to classical music when i have some free time .
i can't tell you who's on the list because i haven't seen the list yet .
i didn't leave my house because i figured that i was pretty safe there .
i don't want to have to explain this again , so please listen carefully .
i feel like a kid who suddenly realizes that santa claus doesn't exist .
i finally broke down and bought the game my son had been asking me for .
i haven't heard anything from him since then . i wonder what he's up to .
i just heard that tom and mary are coming back to boston for christmas .
i knew tom wouldn't be able to learn enough french in just three weeks .
i like to put an ice cube into my coffee , because it's usually too hot .
i realized that even though i wanted to eat , i didn't have enough time .
i think it's strange that no one is on the street this time of the day .
i think it's time for me to start taking my responsibilities seriously .
i was going to run over the notes one last time , but there wasn't time .
i was nearly ten when my parents gave me a chemistry set for christmas .
i was nine years old when i asked my mom if santa claus really existed .
i was trying to tell him what had really happened , but he cut me short .
i won't be getting married this year . in fact , i may never get married .
i'd be grateful if you could take a look when you've got time sometime .
i'd like to know how much the meal was because i'd like to pay my half .
i'd like to know when you plan to give me back the scissors i lent you .
i'd prefer to only hire people to translate into their native language .
i'll do everything within my power to make sure your children are safe .
i'm glad to hear that your sister is out of danger after her operation .
i'm not going to the library , but i can take you as far as the station .
i'm not sure i have enough time to clean my room before i go to school .
i'm surprised tom doesn't know how to sing at least one song in french .
i've botched things up so bad i wish i could find a hole to climb into .
i've got better things to do than to sit here listening to your gossip .
if he had stayed at home that day , he would not have met with disaster .
if it's at all possible , i'd like you to take part in the next meeting .
if there weren't so many taxis , there would be fewer traffic accidents .
if you agree to buy 3 , 000 of them , we'll give you a 3 percent discount .
if you alter the plan , you must inform the team members of the changes .
in massachusetts , a man is not allowed to marry his wife's grandmother .
in spite of the heavy traffic , i managed to get to the airport in time .
instead of cutting down on cigarettes , why don't you just give them up ?
it was not until i had a baby myself that i knew what mother's love is .
it was not until i left school that i realized the importance of study .
it was such a lovely day that everybody was feeling happy and cheerful .
it will make little difference whether you go there by taxi or on foot .
it's a small noisy apartment , but it's where i live and i call it home .
it's my dream to have a son who'll take over my business when i retire .
just because something is more expensive doesn't mean that it's better .
many people will lose their jobs due to the slump in the auto industry .
mary told tom to go easy on the ice cream if he didn't want to get fat .
movie theaters are losing more and more revenue due to internet piracy .
my father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was .
my intervention on your behalf is the only reason you still have a job .
my mother tells me i have to go to bed by ten o'clock on school nights .
my significant other works at a language school and loves it very much .
on hearing the news of the birth of his first child , he jumped for joy .
on the tenth of next month , they'll have been married for twenty years .
our parents took care of us and now it's our turn to take care of them .
she advised him not to buy a used car , but he didn't follow her advice .
she advised him to go to the hospital , but he didn't follow her advice .
she advised him to stop taking that medicine , but he felt he needed to .
she dreamed that a prince would come on a white horse to take her away .
she may have argued with him , but i don't think she could have hit him .
she spends a lot of time helping her children learn to deal with money .
she's been practicing piano for a year and can play the piano somewhat .
since he could not work out the problem that way , he tried another way .
since you have nothing to do with this matter , you don't have to worry .
thanks for all you've done to make my special day such a memorable one .
that may have been true when you were a kid , but it's not true anymore .
the united states has almost a fourth of the world's prison population .
the back wheels on that tractor have ball bearings the size of my fist .
the fruit is similar to an orange in shape and to a pineapple in taste .
the heavy fog made it impossible for us to see anything in front of us .
the moment she heard the news of her son's death , she burst into tears .
the noonday sun beat down with dazzling brightness on the tennis court .
the number of cases of whooping cough is on the rise in the last years .
the only thing that really matters is whether or not you did your best .
the police compared the fingerprints on the gun with those on the door .
the police have been searching for the stolen goods for almost a month .
the rise in house prices enabled him to sell his house at a big profit .
the war between the two countries ended with a big loss for both sides .
the whole soccer team was on cloud nine after winning the championship .
there are a bunch of kids playing on the street just outside my window .
there is a rumor that the radicals are plotting against the government .
there is an urgent need for more people to donate their time and money .
there was something about that house that made her stop and look again .
they hope their delivery truck will be repaired by the end of the week .
this is what happens when you don't pay attention to what you're doing .
tom did the best he could , but he still wasn't able to pass the course .
tom didn't have enough experience in dealing with that kind of problem .
tom doesn't have mary's address in boston , but he has her phone number .
tom knew where mary was , but he wouldn't tell the police where she was .
tom seemed genuinely surprised when i told him that mary had left town .
tom thought mary was in australia , but she was actually in new zealand .
we learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience .
we moved into this house last month , but we still haven't settled down .
what is important in writing a composition is to make your ideas clear .
what makes you think tom would ever consider going on a date with mary ?
when i got out of jail , i had no intention of committing another crime .
when i speak to a westerner , i have to shift mental gears , so to speak .
when i was strolling along the beach this morning , i found this bottle .
when was the last time you celebrated christmas with your whole family ?
while they were away on vacation , their neighbors looked after the dog .
you can easily judge the ripeness of a banana by the color of its peel .
you can't just lounge around like that while everybody else is so busy .
you forgot to close the windows before you left the office last friday .
you often need to spend more time doing something than you anticipated .
you're the only person i know that never complains about the food here .
let's buy tom a car for his graduation present . that's a great idea .
that doesn't happen much , does it ? actually , it happens quite often .
where have you been ? i have been to the station to see a friend off .
a car that you never took out of the garage would be of no value to you .
a flight attendant was rescued from the wreckage of the passenger plane .
a long time ago when i was young , i used to write in my diary every day .
a lot of people are going to tell you that you shouldn't have done that .
a mortgage rate of six percent is becoming the current industry average .
a pick is a long handled tool used for breaking up hard ground surfaces .
after i got married , my japanese got better and i could understand more .
are you seriously thinking about pursuing a career as a race car driver ?
at christmas he went out of his way to buy me a really nice model plane .
can you tell us about your experience in developing technical materials ?
china continues to lose arable land because of erosion and urbanization .
conditions for termination of the agreement are listed on the last page .
data can be transmitted from the main computer to yours , and vice versa .
even though i ate three bowls of cereal for breakfast , i'm still hungry .
everybody in the car said they wanted to get out and stretch their legs .
everything on top of the table started rattling when the earthquake hit .
fear of failure prevents many people from reaching their full potential .
for someone who's supposed to be an expert , you don't seem to know much .
frederic chopin wrote his first composition when he was seven years old .
fully booked for the night , the hotel had to turn away some late guests .
going back to south africa had stirred up some painful memories for him .
have you ever wanted something so much that you'd do anything to get it ?
he decided to feed his dog the rabbit that he had shot earlier that day .
he had been living in nagano for seven years when his daughter was born .
he ran off with his best friend's wife and hasn't been heard from since .
he was raised in the united states , but his native language is japanese .
he'll never show it , but i think that deep down , he's seriously worried .
how much more does it cost to return the rental car to another location ?
human beings differ from other animals in that they can speak and laugh .
i also gave him a little something as a christmas present the other day .
i arrived at the stadium at 4:00 p . m . , but the game had already started .
i can give you a copy of the report , but i can't vouch for its accuracy .
i can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees .
i can put up with a house being untidy , but i don't like it to be dirty .
i can't make a decision on the spot . i'll have to talk to my boss first .
i can't tell you how happy i am that you've decided to join our company .
i didn't get much sleep last night so i was nodding off all day at work .
i don't know if i can speak french well enough to explain this properly .
i don't plan to get divorced from you unless you give me a valid reason .
i don't usually eat breakfast because i'd rather sleep as late as i can .
i don't want to live in a country that doesn't want to defend my rights .
i knew i shouldn't have put off doing my homework until the last minute .
i learned to drive a car and got a driver's license when i was eighteen .
i never for a moment imagined we wouldn't get home before the storm hit .
i think it's highly unlikely that you'll be able to do that by yourself .
i think that it's completely understandable if she turns down his offer .
i thought things would get better , but as it is , they are getting worse .
i was planning on going to the beach today , but then it started to rain .
i was the only one at the meeting who didn't think that was a good idea .
i will come on wednesday evening unless i hear from you to the contrary .
i wish you would tell me what i ought to do in this difficult situation .
i'd like to ask you a few questions about what happened at school today .
i'll keep my fingers crossed that everything will go well for you today .
i'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find out who hacked into our system .
i've never been the kind of person who complains about things like that .
if i had gone to that restaurant last night , i would have eaten a steak .
if we knew what we were doing , it wouldn't be called research , would it ?
if you do not leave this area , we are authorized to remove you by force .
in the u . s . , most people can vote when they reach eighteen years of age .
instead of eating vegetables , he puts them in a blender and drinks them .
it seems that the elderly are having difficulties in using the internet .
it's about time for our children to learn the real meaning of christmas .
it's true that she knows a lot about cooking , but she isn't a good cook .
management hid the true financial state of the company from the workers .
many people think that children don't spend enough time playing outside .
money isn't everything , but if you have no money , you can't do anything .
no matter how hard you try , you won't be able to finish that in one day .
our store is open every day of the year except christmas and new year's .
over 4 million australians communicate in a language other than english .
personally , i don't think it makes any difference who wins the election .
preparing a room for painting is the most important step in the process .
ronald reagan was born in 1911 , in the little town of tampico , illinois .
sane people are more of a threat to mentally ill people than vice versa .
she advised him not to use too much salt , but he wouldn't listen to her .
she denied having met him even though we saw them talking to each other .
she was busy knitting . in the meantime , he was taking a nap by the fire .
sleep is important for weight loss and for maintaining a healthy weight .
such was his pride that he could not bring himself to ignore the insult .
teenagers are often embarrassed to be seen in public with their parents .
thanks to this book , i learned some interesting facts about this insect .
the united states has officially ended economic sanctions against burma .
the wright brothers succeeded in flying an airplane driven by an engine .
the boy was on the point of drowning when his father came to his rescue .
the chairperson has been associated with the organization for ten years .
the company asked the bank to loan them some money to buy new machinery .
the company went public and became listed on the stock exchange in 1990 .
the death of one man is a tragedy . the death of millions is a statistic .
the economy still hasn't completely recovered from the financial crisis .
the freight train was held up about half an hour because of a dense fog .
the lawyer asked the judge to make allowance for the age of the accused .
the more worthless the plant , the more rapid and splendid is its growth .
the older guests must always be served first , and then the younger ones .
the only way to handle him is to let him think he is having his own way .
the ship's captain ordered the radio operator to send a distress signal .
the sight of the centipede on the wall was enough to make my skin crawl .
the surgeon who operated on tom is very experienced and highly regarded .
the team played hard because the championship of the state was at stake .
the workers united together to fight against the closure of the factory .
there are some differences between british english and american english .
there are still many cultural differences between east and west germany .
there is an urgent need for a new approach to dealing with this problem .
tom and mary have been trying to come up with a solution to the problem .
tom and mary sat next to each other at the table in the conference room .
tom certainly gives the impression that he doesn't know what he's doing .
tom doesn't always get up early , but he always gets up before mary does .
tom doesn't need any more soap . mary gave him enough to last a lifetime .
tom gave mary some money to help her buy her mother a christmas present .
tom has some food allergies , so he has to be careful about what he eats .
tom hopes mary knows she needs to do everything john has told her to do .
tom is planning to have a christmas party at his house on christmas eve .
tom stepped into the elevator and pushed the button for the third floor .
tom wondered when mary had bought the milk that was in the refrigerator .
too much of anything is bad , but too much good whiskey is barely enough .
try not to spend so much time complaining about things you can't change .
we can either go to the beach or go mountain climbing . we can't do both .
we drove through village after village , until we got to our destination .
we have three adopted children . the younger two are biological brothers .
what hurts the most is that you didn't feel you could tell me the truth .
what kind of person would forget to pick their children up after school ?
what really surprised me most was that i was the only one who got fired .
when i was a college student , i always pulled all-nighters before tests .
when we started this business , neither one of us had had any experience .
with the coming of spring , everything is gradually coming to life again .
you have the right to consult an attorney before speaking to the police .
you may think your comment was innocuous , but i found it very offensive .
you should visit kyoto , which is famous for its old temples and shrines .
you shouldn't share too much private information on the social networks .
you were always playing tricks on me when we were in junior high school .
your dream of becoming a baseball player will come true if you try hard .
how will you keep tom from going to the police ? i'll offer him money .
is the essay ready ? no , i'm sorry . i haven't finished writing it yet .
you don't look like each other . that's because we're fraternal twins .
a considerable amount of money was appropriated for the national defense .
a great warrior radiates strength . he doesn't have to fight to the death .
all the students of the university have access to the university library .
and then , he chased the cattle , the sheep and everyone out of the temple .
are you willing to make a small concession in order to achieve your goal ?
as a boy , i used to lie on my back on the grass and look at white clouds .
at christmas she went out of her way to buy me a really nice model plane .
at first , i had difficulty understanding people when they spoke too fast .
because his parents had died when he was young , his uncle brought him up .
do you currently take any medication prescribed to you by a psychiatrist ?
doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in medicine .
every time cigarettes go up in price , many people try to give up smoking .
finances are traditionally the biggest cause of strife in a relationship .
frankly speaking , it was difficult for me to make out what he was saying .
he claims to be a socialist , and yet he has two houses and a rolls royce .
he didn't see the stop sign and almost hit the child crossing the street .
he led his men and horses over snowy mountains and down into hot valleys .
his behavior at the party was so humorous that i could not help laughing .
his loss of memory is a psychological problem rather than a physical one .
how many times do i have to tell you not to eat candy just before dinner ?
human beings , whether they realize it or not , continually seek happiness .
i couldn't tell what color his shirt was because it was too dark outside .
i don't have enough money , so i couldn't go with you even if i wanted to .
i don't have to study tonight . i think i'll watch television for a while .
i don't know when i'll have time to finish reading the rest of this book .
i don't think we can really say that one is right and the other is wrong .
i had a very tight schedule last week , but this week i'm relatively free .
i had to catch the first train this morning in order to get here in time .
i held onto the rope for as long as i could , but i finally had to let go .
i knew i had to tell him the truth , but i couldn't bring myself to do it .
i knew that tom didn't want to do that , but i wanted him to do it anyway .
i never thought it'd be this hard to choose a color to paint the kitchen .
i only eat meat from animals that i have personally killed and butchered .
i think it's time for me to stop allowing her to always have her own way .
i think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license .
i thought we had found the perfect hiding place , but the police found us .
i wanted to buy the book , but i found i had no more than 200 yen with me .
i wanted to let you know about that , but tom told me not to say anything .
i was going to write to you , but i started doing other things and forgot .
i was surprised because my husband actually ate some of our wedding cake .
i wish they'd be honest and admit they don't know what's going to happen .
i'd like to go through just one day without being told i need to grow up .
if it were not for the sun , no living creatures could exist on the earth .
if my mother had still been alive , she would have helped me at that time .
if that accident had happened in a city , it would have caused a disaster .
if you let the engine run , you might be able to hear what the problem is .
if you were to hear him speak french , you would take him for a frenchman .
if your feelings are still what they were last april , tell me so at once .
it is essential that every child have the same educational opportunities .
it is often said that a good way to lose weight is to stop eating sweets .
it is said that the secret of long life is to have something to live for .
it may seem like a good idea to you , but i think it's a little dangerous .
it's amazing that so many people cross this street when the light is red .
it's in times like these that the character of a person becomes apparent .
just throw your bicycle in the back of the truck and i'll drive you home .
last year , i couldn't spend as much time with my children as i wanted to .
life is like riding a bicycle . to keep your balance you must keep moving .
life's experiences make vivid records on the sensitive plate of his mind .
make certain where the emergency exit is before you go to bed at a hotel .
mary looked through her closet trying to find something suitable to wear .
mother teresa was a catholic nun who lived and worked in calcutta , india .
my grandmother used to use her sewing machine a lot when she was younger .
never choose a vocation just because it is popular or sounds interesting .
no matter how busy you are , i think you should at least read a newspaper .
noise is the most serious problem for those who live around the airports .
once upon a time , there was a pretty little house way out in the country .
one thing you should know about me is that i'm obsessed with punctuality .
people no longer consider it strange for men to let their hair grow long .
please don't forget to put stamps on the letters that i gave you to mail .
please send any complaints or suggestions to the following email address .
she borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it .
she had hardly begun to read the book before someone knocked at the door .
she has asked the person at the front desk to connect her to that number .
she visits the dentist on a regular basis , so she seldom gets toothaches .
she was allowed to go to the disco on condition that she was back by ten .
she wrote to him to tell him that she couldn't come to visit next summer .
someone famous said that imagination is more important than intelligence .
strictly speaking , she didn't like it at all , but she didn't say a thing .
the mormons have outlawed polygamy , but some adherents still practice it .
the boy pretended he could read , but he was holding the book upside down .
the disagreement between the union and management could lead to a strike .
the driver stopped and opened the door , but no one got on or off the bus .
the fact that he did not accept any money shows that he is an honest man .
the family had been sleeping for about two hours when the fire broke out .
the introduction of the new tax is expected to affect the entire economy .
the mayor thought that he should investigate the decline in tax revenues .
the outcome of the upcoming election will be the hardest ever to predict .
the plans aren't set in stone and can be changed if absolutely necessary .
the platypus , a small amphibious australian mammal , is a very shy animal .
the population of tokyo is about five times as large as that of our city .
the reason tom didn't go with us was because he didn't have enough money .
the series of crimes were thought to have been committed by the same man .
the tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell body parts for money .
the washing is taking too long to dry because of the moisture in the air .
there's a general sense that something should be done about unemployment .
this financial audit also includes an evaluation of the company's assets .
this kind of specialized knowledge has very little to do with daily life .
this room is very small , so it is impossible to put more furniture in it .
though it was a muggy night , she went to bed with all the windows closed .
to be a good translator , i think tom needs to hone his skills a bit more .
to the best of my knowledge , the cathedral dates back to the middle ages .
tom certainly hadn't done anything that deserved that kind of punishment .
tom doesn't want an ipad . he wants a portable device that supports flash .
tom passed away last winter after a long battle with alzheimer's disease .
tom's grandfather and mary's grandfather fought together in world war ii .
tom's jokes are hilarious and get even better after he's had a few beers .
were a serious crisis to arise , the government would have to act swiftly .
what he said yesterday is not consistent with what he had said last week .
when i was young , my father often talked to me about the golden pavilion .
when you come across new words , you must look them up in your dictionary .
you can talk until you're blue in the face , but you'll never convince me .
you may stay here for the night , but you'll have to leave in the morning .
you're the only person i know that likes getting up early in the morning .
your argument is not any more convincing than that of my stubborn father .
a parallelogram is a quadrilateral formed from two sets of parallel lines .
a poll shows that an overwhelming majority is in favor of the legislation .
according to the weather forecast , the rainy season will set in next week .
according to today's paper , there was a big earthquake in chile yesterday .
after her husband's death , she brought up the two children all by herself .
all of my brothers and sisters were born in boston . i was born in chicago .
aren't you the one who's always saying we should spend more time together ?
as soon as you have done that , i would like you to start preparing supper .
as the date of the wedding approached , tom started having second-thoughts .
because some urgent business came up , he wasn't able to go to the concert .
dad needs to take a rest . he's been working in the garden for three hours .
day after day , the dog sat waiting for his master in front of the station .
drastic measures must be taken to prevent the further spread of the virus .
epiglottal damage is always a concern when inserting an endotracheal tube .
from the practical point of view , there are many shortcomings in his plan .
have you made up your mind what you're going to give tom for his birthday ?
he tried to behave as bravely as possible while he was being held hostage .
he tried to pass himself off as a frenchman , but his accent gave him away .
i absolutely cannot fathom why you bought that ridiculously expensive car .
i didn't want to spend any more time than necessary cooking for my family .
i don't know if we're going to be able to make it to boston for christmas .
i don't know my address yet . i'm going to stay with my friend for a while .
i don't know what they're saying , but i know that they're speaking french .
i don't know whether it's important to you , but it's very important to me .
i don't think i've ever eaten anything that you would consider disgusting .
i don't think it'll rain , but i'll take an umbrella with me , just in case .
i don't think we're going to be able to catch the train you want to catch .
i have one thousand dollars in travelers' checks and five hundred in cash .
i know that it is highly unlikely that anyone would be willing to help me .
i know what i should've done , but i just didn't have enough time to do it .
i noticed that i had grown up when i started following my parents' advice .
i promised my parents i would visit them at least once every three months .
i think it's unlikely that any store would sell this model for that price .
i usually eat two or three eggs for breakfast at least three times a week .
i want to summarize the content of the presentation and draw a conclusion .
i will have graduated from college by the time you come back from america .
i'd like to discuss the possibility of you coming to work for our company .
i'd like to introduce to you the gentleman i told you about the other day .
i'm buying flowers because i'm going to visit my grandmother this evening .
i've already wasted a couple of afternoons trying to get this car running .
if all goes according to plan , i should be back home again tomorrow night .
if my husband finds tickets for the concert , he will also buy two for you .
if there was just 1 , 000 yen more , he would have taken 10 , 000 yen in total .
if you really cared about your girlfriend , you would respect her feelings .
it is difficult to keep abreast of the international situation these days .
it was a victory for the whole country when he finished first in the race .
it wasn't very long ago that europeans were burning heretics at the stake .
it's hard to believe that tom wasn't aware that mary was in love with him .
it's unlikely that i'll have time to finish this project before next week .
many people don't know antibiotics are ineffective against viral diseases .
maybe i shouldn't tell you this , but i am truly mesmerized by your beauty .
my father is proud of the fact that he's never been in a traffic accident .
my friend broke up with his girlfriend and now he wants to go out with me .
my teacher told me that i should have spent more time preparing my speech .
please ask the secretary to stock the office supplies in the storage room .
recently the demand for this product has increased faster than the supply .
she advised him to cut down on smoking , but he didn't think that he could .
she decided to drink water instead of soft drinks in order to lose weight .
she found the evening boring and uninteresting , in short , a waste of time .
since i was sick for a week , i'm making every possible effort to catch up .
take a step back from the situation and try to figure out what's going on .
that woman standing over there is the most beautiful woman i've ever seen .
the best way to ruin a good cup of coffee is to put cream and sugar in it .
the bridge couldn't sustain the force of the strong current and collapsed .
the contents of the four registers are preserved by the called subroutine .
the house did not suffer much damage because the fire was quickly put out .
the more information you give me , the better the advice i can provide you .
the most important thing in the olympics is not to win but to participate .
the mountain path was under a blanket of leaves , soft and easy to walk on .
the nurse will check your arm within 2 days to see if there is a reaction .
the post office is closed on christmas day and mail will not be delivered .
the teacher wrote something on the blackboard in a language i didn't know .
the telephone is among the inventions attributed to alexander graham bell .
the time women spend doing housework is now a lot less than it used to be .
the urban population in most developing countries is increasing very fast .
the victim is thought to have taken a large quantity of poison by mistake .
the weather report said that there will be thunderstorms tomorrow evening .
there's been a significant development in the case of the missing toddler .
there's danger that the levee will break . we have to evacuate immediately .
this never would've happened if you'd done it the way i told you to do it .
tom and mary looked at each other , and then suddenly they started kissing .
tom and mary weren't able to eat the spicy food that john made for dinner .
tom began to look for a job three months before he graduated from college .
tom didn't want to wear the shirt his mother had gotten him for christmas .
tom put two slices of bread into the toaster and pushed down on the lever .
tom spent the whole evening searching the web for photos of famous people .
tom will eat onions if they've been cooked , but he doesn't eat raw onions .
tyrannical governments frequently put their political opponents in prison .
we cannot offer a further price reduction under the current circumstances .
we're less than halfway to the top of the mountain . are you already tired ?
what does what happened last night have to do with what's happening today ?
what is important is not how many books you read , but what books you read .
what you spend time doing in your childhood affects the rest of your life .
when we started out in this business , many people said that we would fail .
when you said you'd look after spot , you knew there'd be responsibilities .
whether shakespeare wrote this poem or not will probably remain a mystery .
you say you want to visit tom ? why in the world would you want to do that ?
you should consult a dictionary when you don't know the meaning of a word .
you will save your father a lot of worry if you simply write him a letter .
your wheels are out of alignment . you need to take the car in for service .
have you ever been to new york ? yes , i've been there a couple of times .
after asking for my key at the front desk , i took the elevator to my floor .
all of us have some interest in history . in a sense , we are all historians .
americans may regard shy people as less capable than those who are not shy .
are you worried about any major problems other than your current situation ?
as a result of a traffic jam , he wasn't able to see her off at the station .
as incredible as it may seem , she ordered a knuckle of ham with sauerkraut .
as is often the case with her , she was late for the meeting this afternoon .
at the time , our country was confronted with serious economic difficulties .
because of the bad weather , the plane's departure was delayed by two hours .
by the time he retires , my father will have worked for almost thirty years .
carrots are good for the eyes . have you ever seen a rabbit with glasses on ?
consumers need to be able to make informed choices about the food they buy .
do you really think you can learn to speak french fluently in three months ?
encryption technology has advanced to the point where it's pretty reliable .
english has now become the common language of several nations in the world .
for the first time in more than 6 years , the unemployment rate is below 6% .
frankly speaking , i don't think you have what it takes to become a teacher .
from my point of view , australia is one of the best countries in the world .
he and i are such close friends that we can almost read each other's minds .
he seems like a respectable businessman , but he's really part of the mafia .
he was a brave warrior who had spent most of his life fighting his enemies .
he's a different person when he's drunk , so i don't like to drink with him .
how many times a week do you spend time doing fun stuff with your children ?
i can't tell you what a disappointment it was that tom didn't win the race .
i discovered too late that i left out the most important part of my speech .
i don't mind lending you the money provided you pay it back within a month .
i have a nice pair of shoes that are too small for me . would you like them ?
i have four computers , but two of them are so old i don't use them anymore .
i know he will only continue disappointing me , but i can't help loving him .
i know it's highly unlikely i'll be able to convince you that you're wrong .
i might've done well on yesterday's test , but i don't know the results yet .
i think i've figured out why tom has never learned to speak french so well .
i think it's highly unlikely that i'll ever see my stolen motorcycle again .
i think it's highly unlikely that we'll be able to escape from this prison .
i think it's unlikely that the next model will be any better than this one .
i thought it might be a good idea for us to get together and talk about it .
i thought there was a possibility that tom was going to break the contract .
i was very surprised to see students cleaning their classroom after school .
i'd like to hear exactly how tom managed to get that old car running again .
i'll do my best , but i'll not be able to finish it before thursday at best .
i'm afraid we can't rule out the possibility that she may have the disease .
i'm finally able to understand what's interesting about professional shogi .
i'm not an expert , so my answer to your question is just an educated guess .
i'm pretty sure that i've left the keys to my office in my raincoat pocket .
if he had been a little more careful , the accident would have been avoided .
if you don't know anything about computers , you're really behind the times .
if you want to become thin , you should cut back on the between-meal snacks .
if you want to join the club , you must first fill in this application form .
if you'd prefer a room closer to the convention center , please let us know .
if you're not out of the shower in five minutes , i'm cutting the hot water !
in addition to about 30 , 000 yen , the wallet contained his driver's license .
in the summer , the temperature ranges from thirty to forty degrees celsius .
isn't it about time you guys buried the hatchet and let bygones be bygones ?
it appears that the bank robbery was planned right down to the last detail .
it doesn't make much sense to me , but tom has decided not to go to college .
it must be nice having someone who sticks around even when times get tough .
it was particularly bad this week . the train was late for two days running .
it's about time somebody did something about the high cost of medical care .
it's important to get the carbon-to-nitrogen ratio right in a compost heap .
it's important to have an off-site backup of all the data on your computer .
it's possible that tom was able to convince mary to do his laundry for him .
just give me some time . i'm sure i can figure out how to solve the problem .
kazakhstan is landlocked and depends on russia to export its oil to europe .
many great thinkers who were unknown while alive became famous after death .
mary thought that tom would ask her to the prom , but he asked someone else .
now that my brother is a university student , he has to do a lot of reading .
nuclear energy is produced by splitting atoms or by bringing them together .
outside the school , she saw people with no homes living in cardboard boxes .
overtaxed heart , kidneys and liver are inevitable results of too much food .
please remember to mail this letter on your way to school tomorrow morning .
probably the reason that tom can't go is because he doesn't have any money .
she cried for joy when she heard that her son had survived the plane crash .
she hired him as an interpreter because she had heard that he was the best .
she owes him a lot of money , but she probably won't be able to pay it back .
she says she has no intention of having a baby until she's in her thirties .
she went into the kitchen to see who was there , but there was nobody there .
taking everything into consideration , the result is better than i expected .
that company hires people without regard to race , religion , or nationality .
the prime minister's speech was calculated to anger the opposition parties .
the best way to learn a language is to live in a country where it's spoken .
the black angel spread those jet-black wings wide and flew up into the sky .
the construction of a highway will contribute to the growth of the suburbs .
the district attorney is unwilling to proceed due to insufficient evidence .
the doctors said he would never again be able to walk without some support .
the good thing about this electronic dictionary is that it's easy to carry .
the investigation concluded that the police officer had done nothing wrong .
the local boys got into a fight with a rival group from a neighboring town .
the problem with many things is the pre-conceived ideas we have about them !
there is nothing in the contract precluding you from hiring another lawyer .
they argue a lot , but for the most part they get along quite well together .
this condo is getting old . why don't we redecorate to give it a fresh feel ?
this is the unforgettable place where we met each other for the first time .
tom checked to make sure all the doors were locked before he went to sleep .
tom gave mary a box of chocolates , and then ate all the chocolates himself .
tom thought mary wouldn't be able to earn more than thirty dollars an hour .
tom writes something in his diary every evening , no matter how tired he is .
we could see the flames coming toward us , so we ran in the other direction .
we shouldn't confuse solitude with isolation . they are two separate things .
we spent all of that night , the next day , and the next night in the cellar .
when the desire for leisure is stronger than the other urges , leisure wins .
who wouldn't love to find one of these under the tree on christmas morning ?
you can believe what you want to about me , but that doesn't mean it's true .
you could've saved me a lot of trouble if you'd told me about that earlier .
you speak a bit too fast for me . could you speak a bit more slowly , please ?
you'll get half the money now , and the other half on completion of the job .
have you ever had genuine hungarian goulash ? no , but i'd really like to .
i'm not accustomed to working day and night . you'll soon get used to it .
thank you , i'd love to have another piece of cake , said the shy young man .
a cargo vessel , bound for athens , sank in the mediterranean without a trace .
a friend is someone who likes you even though he knows everything about you .
after a hectic few days at work , tom is looking forward to a change of pace .
blind people read by touching , using a system of raised dots called braille .
children under thirteen years of age are not admitted to this swimming pool .
companies with diversified holdings tend to weather economics shocks better .
do you still think i'm the one you want to spend the rest of your life with ?
don't forget to spend a little time looking over your notes before the exam .
due to the reason that i described above , i arrived at a different decision .
during world war ii , many famous landmarks in europe were reduced to rubble .
during my early teens , i wasn't always on the best of terms with my parents .
even if you go far away , let's keep in touch with each other over the phone .
everywhere he went , he taught love , patience , and most of all , non-violence .
faith is taking the first step , even when you don't see the whole staircase .
from the buyer's point of view , the prices of these cd players are too high .
go straight down the road , and when you pass the traffic light you're there .
have you had any persistent itching , rash , or dryness anywhere on your body ?
he asked me whether she had given me the book , or if i had bought it myself .
he has been suffering from a bad cold . she is very anxious about his health .
he is good at voicing the concerns others are too nervous to speak up about .
he just naturally avoids everything that is intense , difficult or strenuous .
hopefully , tom won't be as crazy as the rest of his family when he grows up .
i know that it is highly unlikely that we'll be able to sell all this stuff .
i must have tried on everything in the shop , but nothing looked right on me .
i ought to wear this tie more often . i've gotten a lot of compliments today .
i promise i'll pay you back the money i owe you before the end of the month .
i think it's unlikely that a situation like this one would ever occur again .
i was asked by my uncle what i intended to be when i graduated from college .
i was disappointed to see that my bonus was a bit less than i was expecting .
i'd like to go home now , but i have to stay here until i finish this report .
if i had known about your illness , i could have visited you in the hospital .
if i had known about your illness , i would have visited you in the hospital .
if a man had 11 sheep and all but 9 died , how many sheep would he have left ?
if only i'd been a couple of years older , they would've let me into the bar .
if you had made more effort , you would have passed the entrance examination .
if you only had one more week to live , what would you spend your time doing ?
it was almost a decade ago , on may 8th , 1980 , that mount st . helens erupted .
it was really considerate of you to lend me $500 when i was in difficulties .
it would take me too much time to explain to you why it's not going to work .
it's true that today women have more rights , but before they had more power .
my stomach started growling right there in the meeting . it was embarrassing .
nearly one billion people around the globe lack access to clean , safe water .
never choose a vocation just because it permits the wearing of good clothes .
primitive calculating machines existed long before computers were developed .
scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of the dinosaurs .
she advised him to go there alone , but he didn't think that was good advice .
she called to tell me that her husband would be out of town for the weekend .
she is likely to refuse to follow his advice , because she does not like him .
she was blinded by the glare of headlights and could not avoid the accident .
since the industrial revolution , the world population has more than tripled .
since the accident , tom has given up hope of becoming a professional dancer .
some children resort to suicide in order to escape from unbearable pressure .
sometimes a nod is enough to show someone that you're listening attentively .
the best cookies i've ever eaten are the ones that your mother baked for me .
the demon lord finally lost consciousness and fell to the floor with a thud .
the fire brigade was on the scene within five minutes of receiving the call .
the girl was carrying several books , not textbooks but thick hardback books .
the letter tom received said that he should return home as soon as possible .
the machine was too complicated for us to find out the cause of the trouble .
the most valuable skill one can acquire is the ability to think for oneself .
the only reason tom went to the party was that he expected mary to be there .
the president called on the people to unite in fighting poverty and disease .
the statue of hachiko , the faithful dog , stands in front of shibuya station .
the two gunshot victims are in the intensive care unit at a nearby hospital .
this old building isn't worth fixing up . it would be better to tear it down .
this paragraph is well written , but there is a mistake in the last sentence .
tires wear down because of friction between the rubber and the road surface .
to the best of my knowledge , this chemical will prevent germs from breeding .
tom didn't tell me you were going to the meeting mary and john are going to .
tom eats mostly fruits and vegetables , and only eats meat about once a week .
tom is still wearing his wedding ring , even though he isn't married anymore .
tom must've realized it was a rhetorical question , because he didn't answer .
tom was sentenced to fifteen years in jail for being an accessory to murder .
tom wouldn't let me call an ambulance so i drove him to the hospital myself .
we're good friends now , but there was a time when we didn't like each other .
whatever happened to acid rain ? you don't hear about it in the news anymore .
when applying to american universities , your toefl score is only one factor .
when we got home last night , the others were already in bed and fast asleep .
when your stomach is busy , digesting a big meal your brain takes a vacation .
with all your money , you should be able to buy just about anything you want .
would you like to learn to speak english like a native speaker in two weeks ?
you have to read between the lines to know the true intention of the author .
you should assume that we won't have enough money to buy everything we want .
you should have known better than to go out in the rain without an umbrella .
you're the only person i know besides me who would prefer to live in a tent .
are you still dating tom ? no , we broke up at the beginning of last month .
do you want me to turn off the computer ? leave it on . i'm still using it .
how about a cup of coffee ? i'd like to , but i have a previous engagement .
a person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor .
a stampede of desperate parents fill toy stores in the days before christmas .
according to some scholars , a major earthquake could occur at any moment now .
after i graduated from college , i spent two years traveling around the world .
all the money in the world won't help you if you're stuck on a desert island .
are you aware you're being named in a lawsuit against the federal government ?
becoming a father isn't difficult , however , being a father is very difficult .
could you please reschedule the meeting at a time that is convenient for you ?
do not sign a delivery receipt unless it accurately lists the goods received .
fortunately , there are some techniques you can use to work around this issue .
greater demand for high-quality coffee has helped drive coffee prices higher .
had they known what was about to happen , they would have changed their plans .
he can compress the most words into the smallest ideas of any man i ever met .
hikers need to carry a compass with them to find their way through the woods .
his family circumstances were such that he became a teacher out of necessity .
i don't know how many years ago it was , but it was certainly more than three .
i don't know if we're going to be able to make it to australia for christmas .
i don't know whether we can fix the problem , but we can mitigate its effects .
i don't think i'll ever sound like a native speaker no matter how much i try .
i entered the museum through the wrong gate . i should have been more careful .
i had to cancel that order because we didn't have enough money to pay for it .
i have a son and a daughter . the one is in new york , and the other in london .
i have something that belongs to you . why don't you come over and pick it up ?
i managed to catch the 8 o'clock train by running all the way to the station .
i may not know a lot , but i do know tom doesn't know what he's talking about .
i never for a moment imagined that i'd be able to meet so many famous people .
i never for a moment imagined that i'd be singled out for a full body search .
i saw three sets of footprints in the snow from the road up to my front door .
i saw you out here by yourself and thought you might like someone to talk to .
i want each of you to take out a piece of paper and write down what happened .
i was unwilling to agree to the proposal , but it seemed that i had no choice .
i'm a bit down because a blogger friend of mine has decided to stop blogging .
i'm beginning to realize that you don't really like me as much as i like you .
i've heard that you can kill werewolves by shooting them with silver bullets .
if for some reason a man stopped thinking , that man would no longer be a man .
if it had not been for your raincoat , i would have been drenched to the skin .
if there's anything at all that you don't understand , you can ask me anytime .
if you are not satisfied with your share , i'll make it a bit more attractive .
if you eat three square meals a day , your body will have the energy it needs .
if you want something done right , sometimes you've just gotta do it yourself .
if you want to master a foreign language , you must study as much as possible .
in the u . s . , it is common for people to write a check instead of paying cash .
it seems like we just keep going around in circles , doing the same old thing .
it would be nice if you had a wedge of lime i could squeeze into my icewater .
it's been raining heavily since this morning , so i don't want to go anywhere .
it's so hot outside that i want to spend all day in my air conditioned house .
man needs two years to learn to talk and sixty years to learn how to shut up .
mary tied an apron around her waist and then took the turkey out of the oven .
millions of people across the world are mourning the death of nelson mandela .
my bonus doesn't come close to covering all the loan payments i have to make .
my father believed that anyone who could not make a living in japan was lazy .
no matter how hard you may study , you cannot master english in a year or two .
of course , recognizing our common humanity is only the beginning of our task .
people look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor .
schools are expected to meet the needs of every child , regardless of ability .
seeing a rat run across the floor made me never ever want to eat there again .
should you require further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
since then , diplomatic relations between canada and iran have been suspended .
somebody told me that today's test was identical to the one we had last year .
someone named tom stopped by this afternoon and gave me this package for you .
that accident is a very good example of what happens when you're not careful .
the netherlands is famous for its windmills , tulips , wooden clogs and canals .
the royal shakespeare company is presenting the merchant of venice next week .
the flowers don't look well . i'd like to water them . is there a watering can ?
the heat turns off automatically when the room reaches a certain temperature .
the most important thing in the olympic games is not winning but taking part .
the population of london is much greater than that of any other british city .
there is an urgent need for a more effective method of treating this disease .
there was a suggestion that the general meeting should take place in october .
this book is written in simple english , so it should be easy for you to read .
this is what is called a 'present' in some countries and 'bribery' in others .
three out of four americans believe in the existence of paranormal phenomena .
through his own efforts and a bit of luck , he won first prize in the contest .
tom and mary invited all their friends for a christmas dinner at their house .
tom doesn't think it'll rain , but he plans to carry an umbrella just in case .
tom said that he wanted to be alone and then he went upstairs to his bedroom .
tom was wearing an orange jumpsuit and his hands were cuffed in front of him .
tom won't be able to do it by himself , so we need to ask someone to help him .
tom , mary , john and alice all went to the park to play on the merry-go-round .
washing your hands regularly is a good way to prevent catching some diseases .
we had to agree to total confidentiality and sign a non-disclosure agreement .
we keep having the same old problem of people not paying their bills on time .
what happened to that friend of yours that you introduced me to last weekend ?
what they said to you is exactly the opposite of what they told me yesterday .
when we decorate our christmas tree , tinsel always gets stuck to our clothes .
why is it so hard for people to understand that i just want to be left alone ?
would you please stop pacing around like that and just sit down for a second ?
you need to stop complaining all the time about things that can't be changed .
you're the only person i know besides me who really understands this problem .
do you think tom's new business will be successful ? it's too soon to tell .
an 18-year-old male is in hospital after an altercation at a party last night .
an army of sheep led by a lion is better than an army of lions led by a sheep .
as f . scott fitzgerald famously noted , the rich are different from you and me .
as a rule of thumb , you should plan on one pound of beef for every two guests .
as for me , i'm not satisfied with the result of the examination the other day .
because her parents got divorced , the girl had little contact with her father .
because of the poor harvest , wheat prices have gone up in the last six months .
cucumbers , spinach , broccoli and onions are considered non-starchy vegetables .
for a person who is in good physical condition , climbing mountains is a cinch .
have you recently experienced palpitations or felt like your heart was racing ?
he had been working in the factory for three years when the accident occurred .
he made it known to his friends that he was unwilling to run for the election .
his speech went on for such a long time that some people began to fall asleep .
i can help you chart the course , but you have to make the journey on your own .
i can't figure out how to transfer mp3 files from my ipod back to my computer .
i cant wait for the pond to freeze so that i can ice skate with my cousins .
i don't play the clarinet very well , but i'm pretty good at playing the flute .
i remember when we used to never eat vegetables that we didn't grow ourselves .
i think the first thing you might want to do is put some gasoline in your car .
i tried to align the pieces of metal perfectly together before soldering them .
i want to apologize to you for calling you a jerk in front of your girlfriend .
i was the last one to start in the race , but i soon caught up with the others .
i'd like to go through just one day without being told i look like my brother .
i'll let you off this time , but i don't ever want to catch you stealing again .
i'm sorry that i haven't been able to be here for you like i should have been .
i've had a scratchy throat since this morning . i wonder if i've caught a cold .
if i'd taken time to brush my teeth after breakfast , i would've missed my bus .
if tom had been wearing his seat belt , he wouldn't have been injured so badly .
if it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple , it's probably an apple .
if you eat a light lunch , you're likely to avoid a mid-afternoon energy slump .
if you have a fever , it would be a good idea to go to the hospital right away .
if you want to get elected , you're going to have to improve your public image .
in my opinion , a well-designed website shouldn't require horizontal scrolling .
in the automotive industry of the 1970's , japan beat the u . s . at its own game .
it's always difficult for a son to live up to the expectations of his parents .
laser printers are generally less expensive to maintain than ink jet printers .
no sooner had she caught sight of me than she started running in my direction .
other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs .
over time , wooden doors can warp or swell , making the door difficult to close .
people often refer to themselves in the third person when talking to children .
some parents complained about the nude pictures in their children's textbooks .
statistics suggest that the population of this town will double in five years .
that's the only residential building in boston that's been torn down recently .
the ambulance went out of control and came close to running over a pedestrian .
the astronauts were greeted with cheers and applause of an enthusiastic crowd .
the customers gave him fleeting glances , then returned to their conversations .
the price of carrots is going to skyrocket this winter because of the drought .
the relationship between the two countries has waxed and waned over the years .
they say that girls spend more time worrying about how they look than boys do .
tom knew deep down that it was all his fault , but he wasn't about to admit it .
tom made a promise to himself that he would never make the same mistake again .
tom never admits that he's wrong , because he thinks that's a sign of weakness .
we adults shouldn't destroy the intelligent and creative capacity of children .
would you please send me details of your products via e-mail as an attachment ?
you could at least try to be a bit more polite , even though it's not like you .
you may not agree with him , but at least he stands up for what he believes in .
you say you want to go to boston ? why in the world would you want to go there ?
who will be coming to the party ? a few friends and four or five colleagues .
would you like me to put some cream in your coffee ? yes , just a little bit .
a man with a watch knows what time it is , a man with two watches is never sure .
a passport is something you cannot do without when you go to a foreign country .
according to the weather forecast , the typhoon is likely to approach the coast .
albert einstein's theory of relativity is the most famous formula in the world .
by the way , did you have any spare time to go sightseeing while you were there ?
charles lindbergh made the first solo flight across the atlantic ocean in 1927 .
do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don't matter so much ?
due to unforeseen circumstances , all classes will be held online this semester .
even after twelve months , tom can't accept that it's over between him and mary .
he argues that the administration must look for alternative sources of revenue .
he stayed in his hotel most of the next day , talking to friends and supporters .
i can't see what the two of them are doing , but they are making a lot of noise .
i don't have a lot of work , but it's enough to keep me in the office this week .
i don't know what this tree is called , but there are a lot of them around here .
i don't object to your going out to work , but who will look after the children ?
i got it through my head that my parent's strict rules were for my own benefit .
i have a bottle of very good wine that i've been saving for a special occasion .
i have been taking ballet lessons since i was three and hope to be a ballerina .
i just don't understand what goes through the minds of people who troll forums .
i like this picture , not because it is a masterpiece , but because it has charm .
i realize the effort you have put into this project and i really appreciate it .
i realized that i didn't want to spend any more time dealing with that problem .
i remember it as if it were yesterday , but in reality it was fifteen years ago .
i returned the books i borrowed from the library , and i borrowed some new ones .
i think someone stole all these things and planted them to make me look guilty .
i think what impressed me most was the way tom could talk to just about anyone .
i tried to do my homework , but i didn't really know how to do it , so i gave up .
i want to be able to walk down this street without worrying about getting shot .
i wish i could take back all those terrible things i said about you last night .
i'm calling to see if you'd be interested in going to boston with me next week .
if you forget to take your pills for one day , take two pills the following day .
improved medical technology has been one of the spin-offs of the space program .
in the end , tom had to bite the bullet and take responsibility for his actions .
it doesn't matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches mice .
it is said that japanese people don't celebrate christmas the way americans do .
it seems like yesterday , but it's actually nearly ten years since we first met .
it'll take some time , but i think i'll be able to learn how to play the guitar .
it's only when i can't sleep at night that the ticking of the clock bothers me .
oh my gosh ! you're the last person i expected to meet in a situation like this .
on behalf of the company , i would like to express our hearty thanks to you all .
publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor's birthday .
she got the money from him even though he said that he wouldn't give it to her .
she sold all of her furniture , so she could afford to feed herself and her dog .
she was always trying to provoke me into saying something i would regret later .
spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list .
suppressing one's romantic feelings is not the same as having no such feelings .
the little girl , deeply moved by the old man's pitiful story , burst into tears .
the removal of the load-bearing beam compromised the structure of the building .
the stock market crash of october 1987 in new york is still vividly remembered .
the whole company stood in silence for a few moments , as a tribute to the dead .
there are only five minutes left till the train leaves and she hasn't appeared .
this is the first time i've been away from my family for more than three weeks .
those birds build their nests in the summer and fly to the south in the winter .
tickets are $30 , parking is free and children under ten receive free admission .
tom and mary went to a fancy restaurant to celebrate their wedding anniversary .
tom broke his right leg and was taken to hospital a few weeks before christmas .
tom converted about half of his yen into dollars and the other half into euros .
tom thought that mary wanted him to kiss her , but he wasn't sure , so he didn't .
tom wanted to ask mary how old she was , but he thought that maybe he shouldn't .
tom was horrified when he noticed that his daughter had had her tongue pierced .
tom's car is easily recognizable since there is a big dent in the front bumper .
we all pigged out at the company christmas party , especially on the roast beef .
we don't have enough time to burn all these documents before the police arrive .
we found one large footprint and a couple of different size smaller footprints .
when my uncle left for america , many people came to see him off at the airport .
when my wife's friend comes to visit , i find it hard to get a word in edgeways .
which would you rather do , stay at home and watch tv or go out and see a movie ?
without a moment's hesitation , they took drastic action against the conspiracy .
you had better read your teacher's comments on your compositions one more time .
you'll never get ahead in this place unless you go through the proper channels .
you're speaking a little too fast for me . would you speak a little more slowly ?
a good lawyer would leave no stone unturned in his efforts to defend his client .
anything you could do in support of their effort would be very much appreciated .
as soon as the new teacher entered the classroom , the students began to applaud .
car accidents are the leading cause of death for teenagers in the united states .
do you think that any really smart person is inherently interested in languages ?
for a business owner , having a clear overview of one's entire business is vital .
government red tape has made the process very cumbersome and hard to understand .
having finished all her housework , she sat down on the sofa to watch television .
he believed that blacks could win their fight for equal rights without violence .
he says that he saw nothing . however , i don't believe what he says is the truth .
he soon grows tired of a thing regardless of how much he liked it to begin with .
he's the last person i would ask help from , because he is completely unreliable .
how much time and energy do you spend on projects that don't make you any money ?
i admit he's smart , but does he have to talk over everyone's heads all the time ?
i asked tom how much he thought it would cost to get someone to paint our house .
i discouraged him from going swimming since it looked like it was going to rain .
i hope you know the last thing i want to do is go there without your permission .
i tried buddhist meditation once , but i fell asleep halfway through the session .
i'd like to buy the car you're selling , but i don't have enough money right now .
i'd love to be able to spend more time with you , but i have to get back to work .
i'll send you your clothes and some other things next month by express delivery .
i've been told that sitting for hours working on my computer is bad for my back .
i've heard that it is best to always feed your dog at a specific time every day .
if he is in middle circumstances his clothes will be chosen chiefly for comfort .
if my house were a mansion , i would invite everyone i know to my birthday party .
if your schedule permits , let's tentatively plan on meeting tomorrow at 2:00 pm .
in the winter , i like to stay at home near the fire and listen to the wind blow .
it will be a great pleasure for me to translate the story and to read it to you .
last night there was still snow on the ground , but this morning it's all melted .
my band will perform this week at chuck's bar and grill . please come and see us .
people with rheumatoid arthritis symptoms should be careful about what they eat .
she is looking for a job where she can make use of her foreign language ability .
she was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house .
some people only get married to prevent their wives from marrying somebody else .
the bacteria that are transferred during a kiss help improve your immune system .
the boss spoke in a condescending tone when addressing the female staff members .
the buying and selling of peoples' personal information is becoming a big issue .
the citizens of this small community don't condone public displays of affection .
the hour-long concert at the kennedy center was broadcast live on tv last night .
the lock on my drawer had been tampered with and some of my papers were missing .
the more unique each person is , the more he contributes to the wisdom of others .
the part of an iceberg under the water is much larger than that above the water .
the press can't ignore us forever . sooner or later , they'll do a story about us .
tom and his children spent all afternoon looking for the perfect christmas tree .
tom returned from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee and sat down next to mary .
tom usually plays a drum solo at least once every time his band gives a concert .
we don't have a lot of money , but we have enough to buy what we absolutely need .
we got this chair for nothing because the lady next door didn't need it anymore .
we got this chair for nothing because the lady next door didn't want it anymore .
when was the last time you used benzodiazepines that were not prescribed to you ?
while you are asleep , the bodily functions slow down and body temperature falls .
with the closure of the bridge , it will take a lot longer to get to the airport .
you should spend less time complaining and more time doing something productive .
a good team is a group of individuals who work together to achieve a common goal .
according to an estimate , steel production will reach 100 million tons this year .
according to my accountant , this isn't a good time to invest in the stock market .
all people can become friends , even if their languages and customs are different .
all the sheep were huddled together in the shade of the only tree in the paddock .
anyone who can only think of one way to spell a word obviously lacks imagination .
climate change threatens to exacerbate existing social and economic inequalities .
diplomatic relations have not yet been established between japan and north korea .
do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens ?
eventually , someone is going to have to tell tom that he needs to behave himself .
everyone was silent as the teacher was announcing the results of the examination .
experts have failed to come up with an explanation of why the explosion happened .
he keeps his griefs , sorrows , ambitions and most of his real opinions to himself .
his mother prevented him from going out because she was anxious about his health .
i am sorry that i shall not be able to be with you at christmas as i had planned .
i bought a second badminton racket for myself , but i forgot to buy a shuttlecock .
i didn't know the city , and what's more , i couldn't speak a word of the language .
i didn't know where tom was going , but i had a good idea where he might be going .
i don't know if it will be fine tomorrow , but if it is fine we'll go on a picnic .
i have to be honest . i was a little bit nervous the first time i had an mri scan .
i was just wondering if you have any experiences you would like to share with us .
i wish i could be more optimistic , but i don't think things will get better soon .
i wouldn't have agreed to do that if i'd know how much time it was going to take .
i've had a slight sore throat since this morning . i wonder if i've caught a cold .
if everything goes according to plan , i should be back home again tomorrow night .
in the first place , it's too expensive , and in the second place , i don't like it .
is it really true that 30% of the people who live here have never seen the ocean ?
it appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood .
it goes without saying that it was supremely difficult to carry out this mission .
it is better to be a coward for five minutes than dead for the rest of your life .
sir , we need to stabilize your fracture before transferring you to the stretcher .
some incidents from my childhood are crystal clear , others are just a dim memory .
taking all things into consideration , i have made up my mind to give up the idea .
the ages of the two children put together was equivalent to that of their father .
the average american living space is twice as large as the living space in japan .
the changes resulting from the women's movement have affected both women and men .
the kitchen knife wasn't sharp enough to cut the meat , so i used my pocket knife .
the most essential thing in the world to any individual is to understand himself .
the restaurant where we ate yesterday was bad , but this restaurant is even worse .
there are big differences in broadband speed and quality from country to country .
this experience will be invaluable as a way of improving the way i study english .
this monument is dedicated to the soldiers who gave their lives to their country .
tom is very busy every afternoon , but he often has some free time in the morning .
tom was normally very reliable and his absence from the meeting was inexplicable .
we cannot rule out the possibility that civil war will break out in that country .
we hope that you understand the difficult situation with which we are confronted .
we went to the theater early , so we could be sure that everyone could get a seat .
what scared tom the most was the thought that he might not be able to walk again .
when tom opened the door , he saw mary standing there with a six-pack and a pizza .
why would you want to share this type of information with people you hardly know ?
a few years ago , in san francisco , a young woman came to us for vocational advice .
a lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes .
activist groups for the environment and food safety question the product's safety .
after reflecting on my life up to now , i decided that i needed to change my goals .
after spending hours out in the cold winter wind , my skin got all chapped and dry .
as is often the case with young men , he does not pay much attention to his health .
ceo's of american corporations are paid several times their japanese counterparts .
each chapter in the textbook is followed by about a dozen comprehension questions .
he got up quickly , splashed cold water on his face , brushed his teeth , and shaved .
i discouraged him from going swimming because it looked like it was going to rain .
i don't know when the meeting started , but it started at least thirty minutes ago .
i figured you wouldn't want the teacher to know you hadn't done your homework yet .
i know it's not what you were hoping for , but here's all the money i can give you .
i met an old man who says that he's never eaten at a restaurant in his whole life .
i never for a moment imagined i'd be able to afford to live in such a fancy house .
i saw a red car and a white one . the red one was nicer looking than the white one .
i visited paris , but i didn't climb the eiffel tower , since i'm afraid of heights .
i wasn't planning on doing that , but now that you suggest it , i may give it a try .
i'd rather not waste my time trying to learn a language that i don't need to know .
i'm a great believer in luck , and i find the harder i work , the more i have of it .
if cleopatra's nose had been shorter , the history of the world would be different .
if it had not been for your foolishness , we would never have been in that trouble .
if my father had not been killed in the war , he would be over sixty years old now .
if you keep fish in a fish bowl , you should change the water at least once a week .
if you listen to english programs on the radio , you can learn english for nothing .
it was obvious to everyone that the marriage would sooner or later end in divorce .
it'll take longer to tell you how to do it than to just go ahead and do it myself .
it's no wonder tom's sleeping poorly; he drinks up to twelve cups of coffee a day .
japan's foreign aid is decreasing in part because of an economic slowdown at home .
manholes are round because that way they won't accidentally fall through the hole .
my parents don't like my girlfriend . they think that she's not good enough for me .
never in my wildest dreams did i ever think that something like this would happen .
now that you know what the problem is , how long do you think it'll take to fix it ?
remittances from about 300 , 000 comorans contribute about 25% of the country's gdp .
roger miller was born on january 2 , 1936 in the western city of fort worth , texas .
the first issue that we have to confront is violent extremism in all of its forms .
the first step in mastering your emotions is mastering the skill of interoception .
the more time i spend doing this , the less time i have to do things i enjoy doing .
the policeman said that it looked like a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head .
the search for alien life is one of humankind's greatest technological challenges .
the weather report said that it'll rain this afternoon , but i don't think it will .
there is so much pollution in new york that joggers often wear masks when running .
three quarters of the country's inhabitants live below the official poverty level .
tom certainly gave the impression that he wasn't planning on being there tomorrow .
tom knew that mary couldn't swim , but he asked her to go swimming with him anyway .
what with good fortune , and his own effort , he won the first prize in the contest .
when i visited their apartment , the couple was right in the middle of an argument .
when i was 10 years old , i thought that when i would be 16 , my life would be cool .
you have the right to talk to a lawyer for advice before we ask you any questions .
you may be able to pass unnoticed in a city , but in a village that's not possible .
as soon as they have collected the necessary funds , they can restart their project .
at the time of the accident , almost all of the passengers on the bus were sleeping .
experts say coffee prices are rising mainly because people are willing to pay more .
his dress is that of a gentleman , but his speech and behavior are those of a clown .
i could have stayed a while longer , but i was getting tired , so i decided to leave .
i didn't want to get married , but my parents really wanted me to , so i got married .
i don't believe in astrology , but that doesn't mean that i don't read my horoscope .
i had a lot of gumption when i was young , but now it seems to have all petered out .
i have many friends who speak fluently , but still don't sound like native speakers .
i wanted to discuss this with you yesterday , but you didn't seem to want to listen .
i'm begging you , before freaking out on me listen to the end of what i have to say .
i'm thinking of going somewhere for a change of air , since my doctor advises me to .
i've tried every diet that has ever been published and i still haven't lost weight .
if you are interested in studying english with a native speaker , please contact me .
if you want to sell your old sofa , why not put an advertisement in the local paper ?
in our next class , we will study the days of the week , the months , and the seasons .
in the u . s . , it is illegal to torture people in order to get information from them .
industrialization had a great influence on the development of the economy in japan .
it took some 150 years of struggling for women to gain the freedom they have today .
it used to be that people thought it was necessary to eat three square meals a day .
it was only much later that i came to understand the importance of child education .
it's the dynamic interaction between the characters that makes this novel so great .
kissing one's spouse in public is considered acceptable behavior in some countries .
more can often be gleaned from body language than from what is actually being said .
now you've mentioned it , i remember coming here with my parents when i was a child .
she got so carried away listening to the beatles that she missed the date with him .
sixty percent of japanese adult males drink alcoholic beverages on a regular basis .
some non-native speakers think they speak the language better than native speakers .
that's a funny thing about people like you , you don't want to get your hands dirty .
the cost of building the new hospital was considerably higher than first estimated .
the fact that a man lives on the same street with me does not mean he is my friend .
the grenade blew up before the terrorist could throw it , and his arm was blown off !
the heart itself is nothing more nor less than a large , tough , leather-like muscle .
the methodology used in his study is also helpful to us in conducting our research .
the police will release the victim's name after they have notified his next of kin .
the rescue workers are going to hand out supplies to the victims of the earthquake .
the restaurant owner allowed her to take table scraps home to feed all of her dogs .
the teacher wrote something on the blackboard , but it was too small for me to read .
there is an urgent need for understanding how climate change will affect our lives .
there was something i needed to get at the supermarket , but i forgot to pick it up .
tom and mary know each other so well that they often finish each other's sentences .
tom and mary lived in a mobile home their first three years after they got married .
tom certainly had plenty of opportunities to go to concerts while he was in boston .
we found a glitch in the program that will have to be dealt with before we move on .
we'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position .
when i was in school , left-handed kids were forced to write with their right hands .
when he reached the station , the train had already left almost half an hour before .
when parents get old in japan , they are customarily looked after by their children .
did tom really tell you that he was breaking up with mary ? not in so many words .
a huge federal budget deficit has been plaguing the american economy for many years .
according to legend , those woods used to be haunted , so people would avoid entering .
after she lost her job , she couldn't afford to feed her dogs , so she gave them away .
all the houses in this neighborhood look so much alike that i can't tell them apart .
before you go hiking in the woods , find out what you should do when you meet a bear .
he came back not because he was homesick , but because he was running short of money .
he doesn't want to leave the room because he's afraid that he'll catch another cold .
he studied the scientists considered to be the most significant of the 19th century .
her car might be more pleasant to drive , but it also costs her more for maintenance .
his wife now had to take care of his grandfather , not to mention their two children .
i didn't really want to leave the party early , but i had to go home to help my wife .
i know you've been waiting a long time , but could you wait just a little bit longer ?
i thought we had eaten everything in the house , but i found another box of crackers .
i'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people you've been working for .
most of the melanesians living in papua new guinea have very curly hair , don't they ?
my parents said they have already purchased most of their christmas presents online .
new year's cards provide us with the opportunity to hear from friends and relatives .
researchers say that it's easier to lose weight if you eat three square meals a day .
she bought him a dog . however , he was allergic to dogs , so they had to give it away .
sugary drinks have no nutritional value and contribute significantly to weight gain .
the cake is in the oven now and it should be ready to come out in about ten minutes .
the company's competitive edge will be eroded if system engineers continue to leave .
the invention of the telephone made it possible to communicate with people far away .
the king had great difficulty giving speeches because of a severe speech impediment .
the library near my house is now open only three days a week due to budget cutbacks .
the more guests there are , the more difficult it is to keep a surprise party secret .
the more you look , the more you will see , and the more interesting they will become .
the rainforests are disappearing at the rate of tens of thousands of hectares a day .
tom and mary were speaking in french , so i had no idea what they were talking about .
tom claims he doesn't watch much tv , but he watches more than three hours every day .
tom hoped that the doctors would tell him that he didn't need the surgery after all .
tom is usually on time , but there have been times when he's been several hours late .
tom laughed at some of mary's jokes , but he thought some of them weren't very funny .
visitors are usually asked to remove their shoes before they enter a japanese house .
we appreciate the opportunity you've given us to learn more about your organization .
whether you believe it or not , i want to get this thing over with as much as you do .
you should always spend time doing things that help your children get ahead in life .
a dance will be held in the school auditorium this friday evening from 7:30 to 10:00 .
a growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention .
all at once , the buddhist priest burst into laughter , spoiling the solemn atmosphere .
all things considered , i think you should go back home and take care of your parents .
although our universe is still young , theorists are busy exploring its ultimate fate .
daddy , let's make faces at each other and see who can keep from laughing the longest .
everybody was obeying the speed limit , so i knew there was likely a speed trap ahead .
he turned the bottle upside down and shook it , but still the honey wouldn't come out .
he was surprised to find the great artist's masterpiece hung on the wall upside down .
his health gradually changed for the better after he went to live in the countryside .
i finally have time to reply to the mail that i have received these past three weeks .
i know it's not true , but it definitely seems like the sun revolves around the earth .
i thought the little boy who was staring and pointing at the foreigner was very rude .
i told you we should've gotten here earlier . now there aren't any places left to sit .
i'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people you have working for you .
i'm reading things like famous novels which have been rewritten in simplified french .
i've heard about it . your parents disappeared , running out on their debt didn't they ?
if people who smoke are deprived of their cigarettes , they get nervous and irritable .
if you guys aren't doing anything later , why don't you come over for a cup of coffee ?
if you want to make sure that tom understands you , you should speak to him in french .
in any case i just want to make clear that the fact that these are not normal people .
it is important for a nation to have an adequate mix of monetary and fiscal policies .
it turned out that the cards were stacked against her from the beginning of the game .
it was after a meeting in america that he decided to write a book for non-scientists .
it's not always possible to eat well when you're traveling in this part of the world .
make your airplane reservations early since flights fill up quickly around christmas .
many native speakers of japanese have trouble hearing the difference between b and v .
my father always speaks to me in french and my mother always speaks to me in english .
never make the mistake of arguing with people for whose opinions you have no respect .
one problem translators face is that sometimes the source document is poorly written .
our fire alarm sometimes goes off when my mother is cooking something in the kitchen .
our whole case hinges on whether the government's actions were constitutional or not .
she spends a pretty good chunk of time just sitting there and looking out the window .
so many people had died that the gravestone supplier was forced to hire a new carver .
some healthcare workers spend more time doing paperwork than taking care of patients .
thanks to his recommendation , i was able to get a teaching job at a college in tokyo .
the airline provided free accommodation to stranded passengers as a goodwill gesture .
the antiques my father left when he died turned out to be nothing but worthless junk .
the boss outlined a three-pronged approach to turn the fortune of the company around .
the company , although with some exceptions , usually utilizes its resources very well .
the introduction of foreign plants and animals can cause severe damage to ecosystems .
the less there is to justify a traditional custom , the harder it is to get rid of it .
the loneliness and drabness of working away from people are fatal to his best effort .
the longer we wait before trying to correct the problem , the worse it's going to get .
the sudden increase of cars is causing a large number of traffic accidents every day .
there is no other country in the world where earthquakes are as frequent as in japan .
this movement from rural to urban areas has been going on for over two hundred years .
tom conducted himself in a gracious and dignified manner during his court appearance .
unless we find some way to drum up more business , bankruptcy will be our only option .
you should make sure that you have enough money in your pocket to pay for the ticket .
agriculture remains the backbone of the kenyan economy , contributing one-third of gdp .
all happy families resemble each other , each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way .
american politics are interesting to watch , especially during a presidential election .
democracy is the worst form of government , except all the others that have been tried .
don't you want to put in another disc ? we've been listening to this one for two hours .
every person has a psychological need to feel that what he does is of some importance .
global climatic changes may have been responsible for the extinction of the dinosaurs .
hundreds of people marry each year who have known each other only a few days or weeks .
i can go months without an alcoholic drink , but not even one hour without a cigarette .
i don't need to sound like a native speaker , i just want to be able to speak fluently .
i don't think that there is any better way to learn english than by living in america .
i've got better things to do with my time than to sit here and listen to you complain .
it seems that the policeman in this tv series is a dirty cop who abuses his authority .
it's recommended that you change your oil filter every time you have your oil changed .
it's recommended that you don't write your passwords down where others might see them .
many , if not most , professional translators only translate into their native language .
no news is good news . if you haven't heard from your son it's because he's doing well .
now for my next number , i'd like to play a song for you that i learned from my father .
opponents say genetically engineered crops can cross-pollinate and damage other crops .
plan for the future because that's where you are going to spend the rest of your life .
she asked him to give her some money so she could go to a restaurant with her friends .
sooner or later , someone is going to have to tell tom that he needs to behave himself .
thank you very much for lending me $500 when i was having difficulty making ends meet .
the best way to learn a foreign language is to go live in a country where it's spoken .
the company provides health care and life insurance benefits for all of its employees .
the discovery of a new food does more for the human race than the discovery of a star .
the first group studies in the morning , and the second group studies in the afternoon .
the girl had grown up without any money and when she married she became a spendthrift .
the hardest thing in life is knowing which bridges to cross and which bridges to burn .
the industrial production of livestock is the leading contributor to greenhouse gases .
the research director had the department do a thorough job in testing the new product .
tom was a very good banjo player before he had to have three of his fingers amputated .
when a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker , i'm thankful .
when it comes to my supervisor , he's very inconsistent , so we never get any work done .
where else are you going to find a guitar of this quality for such a reasonable price ?
why don't we just reformat the hard disk ? you've been having a lot of trouble with it .
you could search the world over and never find another woman more beautiful than mary .
we were invited to their wedding . is that so ? well , what are you going to get them ?
according to a recent study , the average life span of the japanese is still increasing .
according to this magazine , my favorite actress will marry a jazz musician next spring .
before it gets out in the media , i'd like to announce to all my fans that i'm pregnant .
corporate borrowing from financial institutions is rising due to the low interest rate .
governments usually resort to price control when inflation has reached a certain level .
he can't tell a cherry tree from a plum tree , but he can name them in twelve languages .
he does not care for any sport involving team work or quick responses to other players .
he was making a speech , but he abruptly stopped speaking when he heard a strange noise .
i have a brother and a sister . my brother lives in tokyo and my sister lives in nagano .
i think it's highly unlikely that we'll ever get any help from the national government .
i think we should all be worried a little bit about the way tom has been acting lately .
i would like to drastically decrease the amount of time it takes me to clean the house .
in japan , we still sometimes see someone use an abacus , but not as often as we used to .
nothing is as difficult as coming up with a simple explanation for something difficult .
people who are afraid of making mistakes will make no progress in english conversation .
suddenly , there was a period of terrible violence and hatred between blacks and whites .
the cheetah uses a combination of stealth and explosive acceleration to catch its prey .
the eating of delicious food is one of the most intense and poignant pleasures of life .
to become a professional banjo player , you need to spend thousands of hours practicing .
tom put his ear to the door in an effort to overhear what mary was saying on the phone .
tom's stopped watching the news because the constant war coverage was getting him down .
who can read the heroic deeds of brave men without a feeling of respect and admiration ?
amnesty international often organizes public protests in support of political prisoners .
before we get started , i'd just like to say a few words about how important this job is .
eat a live frog every morning , and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day .
i had to change clothes because what i was wearing wasn't appropriate for the situation .
i haven't eaten anything unusual since i've returned home from my trip around the world .
i used to think that only bears hibernate , but the teacher said that turtles do as well .
it hurt so much i could have screamed , but i gritted my teeth and bravely bore the pain .
japanese women marry at 26 on average . it is no mystery that the birthrate is declining .
laughter is like a windshield wiper . it can't stop the rain , but it lets you move ahead .
the catholic bible contains everything in the protestant bible plus several other books .
the u . s . secretary of state is trying to broker a ceasefire between the warring parties .
the identity of the boy who had been missing was verified by the clothes he was wearing .
these three hours of driving have worn me out . let's stop at the first rest area we see .
tom got out of the bathtub and dried himself with the new towel that mary had given him .
tom thought that mary might have to stay in australia until three days before christmas .
when i study a foreign language , i like to study with a native speaker of that language .
you may not be in the mood to hear this now , but i need to tell you something important .
you only really need to sound exactly like a native speaker if you want to become a spy .
you're not as beautiful as my ex-girlfriend , but you're a lot more fun to hang out with .
i'll come over and help you finish your homework . thank you . i'd like that very much .
almost the only time a fat man loses his temper is when he has been deprived of his food .
an anonymous benefactor bequeathed several hundred thousand dollars to an animal shelter .
because of modern communication and transportation systems , the world is getting smaller .
he has a reputation as being straight as an arrow . he'd never get involved in corruption .
i don't want to go anywhere today . it's cold outside and i have to get up early tomorrow .
i'm getting little pimples on my face . i wonder if i've been getting enough sleep lately .
if farmers don't make a decent living growing peanuts , they will try growing other crops .
if the university doesn't have enough students , the administration will cancel the class .
it's very unlikely that a serious art collector would ever buy anything from that source .
louis braille , who was blind from the age of three , invented a way for the blind to read .
that man asked me who i was , but i didn't think it was necessary to answer that question .
the flour was past its use-by date , so the cake only rose half as much as it should have .
the government will provide interest-free loans to firms that participate in the program .
the police found tom lying on the floor with a bullet hole in the middle of his forehead .
the poor acoustics in the hall severely affected the audience's enjoyment of the concert .
they say that in america anyone can become president , but perhaps that's not really true .
tom and mary walked into the restaurant and looked around , but couldn't see a free table .
tom called mary to tell her he thought she should stay in boston for another three weeks .
tom killed mary because he found out she had started the fire that had killed his family .
when i got my driver's license renewed , i had to decide if i wanted to be an organ donor .
although most islands in the ocean have been mapped , the ocean floor is generally unknown .
among the wind instruments , the aboriginal didgeridoo made of eucalyptus was his favorite .
bodybuilding is his hobby so he has a very firm tight body with lots of muscle definition .
he promised to bring new industries to the region , but politicians rarely keep their word .
i always thought that a stroke was one of nature's ways to tell you that it's time to die .
i am staying with my uncle for the time being , but later i will move to a small apartment .
i began driving our tractor when i was 12 years old to help my father out at harvest time .
i don't know how to play the clarinet very well , but i'm pretty good at playing the flute .
i don't know what went on last night , but they're not speaking to each other this morning .
i have just received a letter from a friend saying that she is coming to see me next week .
i like this picture , not just because it's famous , but because it really is a masterpiece .
i'm a non-native speaker of english and realize there is a lot that i still need to learn .
if cleopatra's nose had been shorter , the whole face of the world would have been changed .
if i had eight hours to chop down a tree , i'd spend the first six hours sharpening the ax .
most of the time , he doesn't get to sleep before two or even three o'clock in the morning .
one out of 455 women doesn't realize she's pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy .
she took advantage of our hospitality and stayed a whole month without paying us anything .
sorry , but it all came about so suddenly that i haven't got a handle on the situation yet .
the cat is sitting on the chair and looking at the meat that's lying on the kitchen table .
the man who is constantly making decisions and being compelled to alter them gets nowhere .
the names of the students who failed in the examination were posted on the bulletin board .
the police told the demonstrators that they'd be arrested if they didn't move immediately .
to improve your fluency , you should try speaking with native speakers as often as you can .
to reduce misunderstandings we should learn the techniques for communicating successfully .
tom doesn't like mary . however , she doesn't particularly care whether he likes her or not .
tom has enough money to buy any computer in this store . he just needs to decide which one .
when tom was a kid , he became obsessed with the girl who lived across the street from him .
all of your accusations are without foundation . she's innocent and we're going to prove it .
as a rule , i prefer people who deal with matters of this kind directly with those involved .
at the party , one of his political opponents humiliated him in the presence of many guests .
don't come to me now with that . you should have said something when it originally happened .
i could understand the first few sentences , but the rest of his speech was all greek to me .
i suggest you have a native speaker read over your report to make sure there are no errors .
i wanted to make a reservation at my favorite restaurant , but it's closed on christmas eve .
i'm afraid i'll have to disappoint you . i don't feel like participating in this discussion .
if you take a close look , you'll find that your friends and you have similar personalities .
my friend over there is really shy , but he thinks you're cute and he'd like to talk to you .
the best parents of all are those who allow their children to follow their natural talents .
the important point to note is that both parties offered similar solutions to this problem .
the rabbit stood in the middle of the road , mesmerized by the lights of the oncoming truck .
the visible colors of the rainbow are red , orange , yellow , green , blue , indigo , and violet .
there were many things that needed my attention , so i didn't get home until after midnight .
this figure is supposed to represent marilyn monroe , but i don't think it does her justice .
tom compared a picture taken of mary three years ago with one that had been taken recently .
with the abolition of african slavery in 1863 , workers were brought in from india and java .
a renovator's dream in real estate parlance generally means that the place is a real dump .
according to legend , ghosts would appear in that forest , so people would not set foot there .
children often want to do things that are dangerous without knowing that they are dangerous .
do you use benzodiazepines like klonopin , ativan , and xanax , that are not prescribed to you ?
even though my friend was a vegetarian , i didn't tell him that the soup had some meat in it .
hand washing is recommended to prevent the spread of contagious diseases like a coronavirus .
he gave away his entire fortune to an old friend's daughter , and expected nothing in return .
he writes a daily journal , and that inspired me to try doing the same thing , but in english .
if she expects them to give her five days off work with pay , she's going to be disappointed .
it should be stressed that we are often influenced by advertising without being aware of it .
my sister will have been studying english for ten years when she graduates from her college .
numbers that can be expressed as fractions of two whole numbers are called rational numbers .
the bank rate cut is expected to relieve the severe financial squeeze that has hit industry .
the cat was lying stretched out at full length in the sunlight streaming through the window .
the local population earns income from fishing , raising livestock , and sales of handicrafts .
with your permission , i would like to leave the meeting to go pick up my daughter at school .
you probably eat genetically modified fruits and vegetables all the time without knowing it .
a little knowledge of spanish will go a long way toward making your trip to mexico enjoyable .
after he came back from service in afghanistan , tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares .
have you recently had unexplained swelling of your arms or legs during periods of inactivity ?
i never thought this rubber band would come in handy when i put it in my pocket this morning .
in japan , it rains quite a bit during our rainy season which is from mid-june until mid-july .
right now , we have blueberries , blackberries , cherries , strawberries , peaches and nectarines .
rwandan rebels are pushing their offensive south as fighting continues in the capital kigali .
the man in charge of the merry-go-round decided to make sure everything was working properly .
to laugh at everything that is done or said is stupid , but not to laugh is even more foolish .
tom insisted he hadn't been drinking , but his slurred speech and unsteady gait gave him away .
we keep our most interesting thoughts and the most interesting side of ourselves hidden away .
a business cycle is a recurring succession of periods of prosperity and periods of depression .
abraham lincoln , the 16th president of the united states , was born in a log cabin in kentucky .
bear in mind that , under such circumstances , we have no alternative but to find another buyer .
don't lump all these issues together . you need to give every single one careful consideration .
first words get confused , then ideas get confused , and finally things themselves get confused .
i can't believe you are eating something the doctor has told you repeatedly you shouldn't eat .
i can't help but feel that if we had gotten to know each other better , we'd have been friends .
i think if i talked more often with a native speaker , my english skills would improve quickly .
i understand the general approach , but i'm afraid that i'm getting bogged down in the details .
if camping doesn't float your boat , then you probably don't want to spend the weekend with us .
if we were supposed to talk more than listen , we would have been given two mouths and one ear .
in conversation , one is likely to find out certain things about the other person quite easily .
in the united states , it takes a minimum of eight years of college to become a medical doctor .
it's my fault that the cake was burned . i was talking on the phone and didn't notice the time .
no person achieves success or happiness when compelled to do what he naturally dislikes to do .
the data cited in king's research is taken from unesco's 1970 white paper on world population .
the expansion of the roman empire wiped out a great number of the original european languages .
the wizened , old sorcerer took me under his wing and taught me everything he knew about magic .
tom didn't want to throw anything away because he thought that he might need it in the future .
we very often only come to appreciate someone or our relationship with them when we lose them .
for some reason , people have been avoiding me like the plague ever since i got back from india .
i'm not the kind of idiot who would climb a mountain in the winter without proper preparations .
it's customary for waiters and waitresses to introduce themselves using only their first names .
mary likes to wear clothes with vertical stripes , because she heard they make you look thinner .
once the sample is taken , put the cotton swab in a test tube and label with the patient's name .
professional translators quite often specialize in just one field , for example law or medicine .
this little program will be very useful , especially if you often do interest rate calculations .
what is considered impolite in one language may not be considered impolite in another language .
what matters in life is not where you are right now , but the direction in which you are headed .
when out at sea , to keep the fish that is caught from spoiling , it is immediately refrigerated .
acidification of the ocean will , in time , threaten the very existence of the great barrier reef .
i thought a bunch of people would go water skiing with us , but absolutely no one else showed up .
i'm not kidding you . some people actually believe that the world is only six thousand years old .
it is needless to say that an experienced person will do better than someone without experience .
it's not uncommon for people to give fake personal information when registering to use websites .
it's often said that the best way to learn a foreign language is to learn from a native speaker .
most of the plain , simple , everyday things he desires can be secured by people of average means .
mozart wrote brilliant , complex musical compositions as easily as you or i would write a letter .
she would often bring home table scraps from the restaurant where she worked to feed to her dog .
to have more than one problem before him at one time makes him irritable , upset and exasperated .
you will receive a confirmation email after your account has been activated by an administrator .
carbon monoxide is a poisonous substance formed by the incomplete combustion of carbon compounds .
he is usually straightforward and sincere and thereby gains the confidence of those who meet him .
i have no strong opinion about the matter , so whatever the majority thinks is good is ok with me .
if you calculate the electric field using this equation , the result comes out like the following .
instead of focusing on the ways that we're different , let's focus on the ways that we're similar .
monday , tuesday , wednesday , thursday , friday , saturday and sunday are the seven days of the week .
to get technical information from that company , we first have to sign a non-disclosure agreement .
when you have eliminated the impossible , whatever remains , however improbable , must be the truth .
i think it's unlikely that the next version of windows will come out before the end of this month .
i've kept my weight down even though many of my friends have gained weight as they've grown older .
the company was able to ramp up sales by hiring more employees and streamlining working practices .
tom told mary that he thought a hippopotamus could run at a speed of about 30 kilometers per hour .
yesterday the unveiling of the founder's statue and the opening of the school building took place .
you know that your english is good when people stop complimenting you on how good your english is .
i can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives .
i don't like snack bars . they're expensive , noisy , and full of the smell of tobacco and fried food .
it's difficult to remember how to speak a language if you don't have any opportunities to speak it .
some people clung to tree branches for several hours to avoid being washed away by the floodwaters .
tom did everything within his power to save the children that were trapped in the burning building .
tom generally makes good decisions based on a realistic appraisal of the situation he's faced with .
you can accelerate as much as you want , but since the car's in neutral , we won't be going anywhere .
you will never get far without the co-operation , confidence and comradeship of other men and women .
although i have studied english at school for the past six years , i'm still not good at speaking it .
despite the government's protection , he was the victim of an assassination attempt which killed him .
the judge asked the defendant if he knew the difference between telling the truth and telling a lie .
unless you started learning english as a child , you're unlikely to ever sound like a native speaker .
as an englishman , he is particularly sensitive to the differences between english and american usage .
from the position of the wounds on the body , the police could tell that the attacker was left-handed .
i looked in my closet for something to wear , but couldn't find anything appropriate for the occasion .
the natives of the north-west pacific coast of america were probably descendants of tribes from asia .
every student of biology , anatomy , anthropology , ethnology or psychology is familiar with these facts .
when you watch television or listen to the radio , the music which you hear is often african in origin .
another interesting source of energy is the heat that can be recovered from radioactive waste material .
disconnect the power cable from the modem , wait for approximately one minute , then reconnect the cable .
if you'd listen a little more carefully to what the teacher says , you'd probably be able to understand .
in retrospect , it may seem obvious that we shouldn't have been burning our trash so close to our house .
the city library underwent extensive renovations and can now accommodate twice as many books as before .
some people think that it is difficult for a native speaker of english to learn chinese , but i disagree .
with the benefit of hindsight , we can see things which should have been done differently , or not at all .
some superstitious people in america believe that if a black cat crosses your path , you'll have bad luck .
i'd like to hold a staff meeting first thing tomorrow afternoon , so could you reserve the conference room ?
providing energy to the poor without destroying the planet any further is this century's biggest challenge .
we're gonna make sure that no one is taking advantage of the american people for their own short-term gain .
my mother speaks french better than my father speaks english , so they usually speak to each other in french .
though grammatically there's nothing wrong with this sentence , i doubt if anyone would actually ever use it .
president barack obama praised poland as an example for aspiring democracies in the middle east and elsewhere .
the police suspected there was a connection between the abandoned car and the dead body found three miles away .
the questions came fast and furious from the large number of reporters who had gathered outside the courthouse .
consider the successes that have been achieved by tired , discouraged people who decided to give it one more try .
he is inclined to look at everything from the standpoint of its practicality and is neither stingy nor extravagant .
a great relationship is based on two main principles . first , appreciate your similarities and second , respect your differences .